POLíTICA YA CON TSI-TSI-KI FELIX – FCC REPORT
FOURTH QUARTER 2019
STATION  KAIQ FM HAS ASCERTAINED THAT THE FOLLOWING 
ISSUES ARE MATTERS OF CONCERN TO THE COMMUNITY IT 
SERVES:
1. NATIONAL POLITICS
2. ECONOMY
3. ROLE OF LATINOS IN THE COMMUNITY
4. LATIN AMERICAN ISSUES
5. PUBLIC SAFETY
6. HEALTH CARE
7. IMMIGRATION
8. EDUCATION
9. RELIGION
POLÍTICA YA CON TSI-TSI-KI FÉLIX FCC REPORT – 2019
ISSUE: NATIONAL POLITICS
Program 59:  Política Ya con Tsi-Tsi-ki Félix (Segment #1/ 10:55 )
When:  October 6th , 2019  Sunday 5:00 am
La  investigación  iniciada  por  los  demócratas  para  determinar  si  hay 
méritos  para  iniciar  un  juicio  político  al  presidente,  ha  provocado 
que  Trump  con  su  retórica  agresiva  se  defienda  del  proceso.  Por  su 
parte  los  demócratas  Adam  Schiff  y  Nancy  Pelosi  defendieron  también 
los  pasos  que  han  seguido  para  investigar  sus  acciones.  En  nuestro 
programa estuvieron José Parra Analista Político y Jerry Pierce Santos 
miembro de la Asamblea Nacional Hispana Republicana de Virginia.
Program 59:  Política Ya con Tsi-Tsi-ki Félix (Segment #2/ 10:26)
When:  October 6th , 2019  Sunday 5:00 am
Estamos a 13 meses de las elecciones generales del 2020, como siempre 
hemos escuchado, los latinos podemos ser parte de esa decisión, la de 
continuar lo que tenemos o hacer un cambio radical.
Angela  Manso  directora  de  política  y  asuntos  legislativos  de  la 
organización Naleo habla al respecto.
Program: Política Ya con Tsi-Tsi-ki Félix- 
Segment #1, 09:10) 
When: October 13th, 2019Sunday 5:00 am 
Description of Program
New poll from Fox News Network shows more than half of Americans are 
in favor of the inquiry towards impeachment of Donald J Trump.  At the 
same  time  this  week  The  White  House  said    wont  cooperate  in  the 
inquiry.  Majority leader Nancy Pelosi said wont do a formal vote for 
impeachment.  In studio Rolf Otto Niedestrasser, political analyst.
Program: Política Ya con Tsi-Tsi-ki Félix- Segment #1, 11:50) 
When: October 20th, 2019Sunday 5:00 am 
Description of Program
Presidential Democratic debate held in Ohio this week and in Politica 
Ya  Yalí  Nuñez  spokesperson  of  the  Republican  National  Committee  and 
Enrique Gutiérrez spokesperson from the Democratic National Committee 
debate about the topics discussed on the debate and the candidates who 
are struggling to keep going. We also include the results of a poll in 
our facebook page about the two frontrunners Senator Elizabeth Warren 
and former Vp Joe Biden.
Program: Política Ya con Tsi-Tsi-ki Félix- Segment #1, 13:30) 
When: October 27th, 2019Sunday 5:00 am 
Description of Program
John Pence advisor to the National campaign Trump-Pence 2020 talk one 
on  one  with  Tsi-Tsi-ki  Felix  about  the  momentum  one  year  prior 
November 2020 elections.
Program: Politics already with Tsi-tsi-ki Felix- segment # 1, 12:48)
When: November 10th, 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
INTERVIEW WITH TIM KAINE / SENATOR FOR VIRGINIA
Immigration,  economics,  health  care  and  other  issues  are  the  most 
important  for  the  Hispanic  community.  This  week,  for  example,  the 
victory of the Democrats in three local elections in different states 
has to be reflected in a change in the lives of Latinos and in just 
weeks  the  future  of  thousands  of  dreamers  could  change  again.  In 
addition to the elections on the way back and a census count that many 
fear  responding  generates  anxiety  in  our  families.  Tim  Kaine  former 
candidate  for  the  country's  vice  presidency  and  federal  Senator  for 
the state of Virginia knows these issues well.
Program: Politics already with Tsi-tsi-ki Felix- segment # 2, 9:36)
When: November 10th, 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
JUAN  MANUEL  GUZMAN  /  UNITED  WE  DREAM  &  IVAN  GARCÍA-HIDALGO   / 
POLITICAL ANALYST
This  week  between  690,000  to  800,000  called  dreamers  put  their 
attention in the Supreme Court of the country that will begin the oral 
hearings  to  know  their  stories  that  will  be  part  of  the  decision  of 
whether DACA as a program should continue or not despite the decision 
of the Trump administration to annihilate him.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 65 / Segment # 1 / 
TRT: 12'30")
When: November 17th, 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
The first public hearing in the investigation for a political trial of 
Donald  Trump  occurred  in  the  lower  house,  something  that  has  not 
happened for 20 years. Adam Schiff, a Democrat in charge of the House 
Intelligence  Committee,  questioned  whether  the  President  abused  his 
power  by  exploiting  the  vulnerability  of  Ukraine  and  all  for  the 
purpose  of  personal  political  gains.  Beatriz  Afanador,  analyst  and 
communications  officer  for  Catholic  Relief  Services  and  Jeffrey 
Kihien-Palza  political  analyst  and  legal  advisor  to  the  Latino 
Leadership Council spoke about it.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 65 / Segment # 3 / 
TRT: 4'15")
When: November 17th, 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
MSNBC  news  network  and  the  Washington  Post  organize  from  the  film 
studios  of  actor  Tyler  Perry,  the  fifth  Democratic  Presidential 
debate. The question is what is expected? Will there be any new news? 
What would the candidates talk about? Therefore, in Politica ya, Tsi-
tsi-ki  Félix  interviewed  Enrique  Gutiérrez  who  is  the  Spanish 
spokesman for the National Democratic Committee.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 66 / Segment # 1 / 
TRT: 11'43")
When: November 21st., 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
Reactions  after  Presidential  Democratic  debate  held  in  Atlanta, 
Georgia by Yali Nunez - Republican National Comittee spokesperson and 
Edwin Pitti - White house correspondent Univision Washington D.C.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 66 / Segment # 1 / 
TRT: 11'43")
When: November 21st., 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
Exclusive one on one interview to former U.S. Vice President Joe Biden 
on his Presidential campaign in Nevada.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 66 / Segment # 2 / 
TRT: 10'34")
When: November 21st., 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
Joseph Malouf constitutionalist lawyer goes on impeachment inquiry and 
this week public hearings.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 68 / Segment # 1 / 
TRT: 12'41")
When: December 8th., 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
Political  news  and  national  affairs  rocked  this  2019  however,  some 
topics  will  seem  to  be  in  limbo.  This  year  doubtlessly  the  anti 
immigrant fight of the trump administration, the massive shootings and 
the null regulation of the firearms control by the congress, the end 
of the Russian framework, the investigation for a possible impeachment 
to  the  President,  commercial  wars  abroad  and  climate  change  are  only 
some of the many issues that have hold this year. But in many of these 
issues it seems that there is no solution whatsoever.
Beatriz  Afanador,  analyst  and  Communications  Director  of  Catholic 
Relief  Services  and  Jeffrey  Kihien-palza  legal  advisor  for  the  Latin 
Leadership  Council  talked  about  it  in  the  first  segment  of  Politica 
Ya.
POLÍTICA YA CON TSI-TSI-KI FÉLIX FCC REPORT – 2019
ISSUE: NATIONAL ECONOMY
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 67 / Segment # 2 / 
TRT: 8'06")
When: December 1st., 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
Latinos in the United States generate thousands of millions of dollars 
in  taxes  but  there  are  those  who  say  that  uncle  sam  doesn't  return 
them  because  they  are  undocumented.  Robert  Lopez  accountant  give  us 
the explanation.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 67 / Segment # 3 / 
TRT: 5'04")
When: December 1st., 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
Why is important to fill the Census2020.  How is it done and how the 
information  provided  is  gonna  be  used  is  one  of  many  topics  Maria 
Olmedo  Malagon  Communications  Manager  from  the  US  Census  2020  talks 
with Tsi-tsi-ki Felix.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 68 / Segment # 2 / 
TRT: 10'15")
When: December 8th., 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
Every day, 110 million people in the United States make purchases and 
sales  over  the  internet.  That  only  means  that  personal  and  financial 
information  is  used  in  millions  of  sessions  that  cybercriminals 
achieve to take out of purpose. This occurs more in seasons of really 
high  sales  as  Thanksgiving,  Christmas  and  New  years.  Mr.  Rodrigo 
Villareal is Executive Director of the Corpimages company and explains 
the best security measures to shop on line.
POLÍTICA YA CON TSI-TSI-KI FÉLIX FCC REPORT – 2019
ISSUE: NATIONAL ROLE OF LATINOS IN THE COMMUNITY
Program 59:  Política Ya con Tsi-Tsi-ki Félix (Segment #2/ 10:26)
When:  October 6th , 2019  Sunday 5:00 am
En  otras  informaciones,  Rosa  Anaya  es  una  salvadoreña  quién  llegó  a 
Washington para colocar el nombre de su país en alto y ser galardonada 
con  el  premio  Hillary  Clinton  por  la  paz,  como  reconocimiento  a  su 
trabajo. 
Durante muchos años, la líder y activista Salvadoreña ha trabajado con 
presos  de  las  cárceles  de  El  Salvador,  incluyendo  a  miembros  de  las 
pandillas,  para cambiar sus comportamientos violentos.
Program: Política Ya con Tsi-Tsi-ki Félix- 
Segment #2, 10:32) 
When: October 13th, 2019Sunday 5:00 am 
Description of Program
Exclusive  interview  to  Julián  Castro,  pre  democratic  candidate  for 
2020 elections while touring Nevada swing state.
Program: Política Ya con Tsi-Tsi-ki Félix- Segment #3, 4:06) 
When: October 20th, 2019Sunday 5:00 am 
Description of Program
Alianza  Americas  is  a  network  of  Latin  American  and  Caribbean 
immigrant organizations in the United States. It is the only national 
organization  rooted  in  Latino  immigrant  communities  and  works  both 
domestically  and  transnationally.  Tsi  tsi  ki  Felix  interviewed  Oscar 
Chacon, Executive Director of Alianza Americas.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 67 / Segment # 1 / 
TRT: 12'50")
When: December 1st., 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
The week of Thanksgiving is a time to reflect on what to thank and not 
being  immigrants  in  the  United  States.  Javier  Gamboa  communications 
officer  from  Latino  Victory  Project  and  Ivan  Garcia-Hidalgo  Director 
of the Hispanic Leadership Council  debate.
POLÍTICA YA CON TSI-TSI-KI FÉLIX FCC REPORT – 2019
ISSUE: LATIN AMERICAN ISSUES
Program: Política Ya con Tsi-Tsi-ki Félix- Segment #3, 5:37) 
When: October 27th, 2019Sunday 5:00 am 
Description of Program
Ivan  Garcia-Hidalgo  President  of  the  Hispanic  Leadership  Council  and 
Zeluis  Teixeira  Program  director  of  peace-tech-lab  go  on  different 
topics. In our continent, the Prime minister of Canada was re-elected 
despite  of  scandals  during  his  campaign.  The  United  States  is  also 
looking  at  the  Bolivian  electoral  results  and  in  Chile  disturbs 
generate  dead,  injured  and  the  exit  of  the  army  to  the  streets  of 
Santiago  as  it  had  not  been  seen  from  the  time  of  dictator  General 
Augusto Pinochet.
Also  in  México,  the  government  of  López  Obrador  did  "damage  control" 
after the immediate release of one of the children of Chapo Guzman who 
also runs the drug dealing business.
POLÍTICA YA CON TSI-TSI-KI FÉLIX FCC REPORT – 2019
ISSUE: PUBLIC SAFETY
Program: Política Ya con Tsi-Tsi-ki Félix- 
Segment #3, 06:18) 
When: October 13th, 2019Sunday 5:00 am 
Description of Program
Growing  concerns  of  hate  crimes  against  minority  groups  is  the  main 
topic  of  the  interview  with  Mrs.  Sindy  M.  Benavides  -  CEO  -  of  the 
League of United Latin American Citizens national office.
Program: Politics already with Tsi-tsi-ki Felix- segment # 3, 3:36)
When: November 10th, 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
So  far  in  2019  according  to  the  Gun  Violence  Archive  organization 
there are more than 33 thousand deaths from firearms in the country. 
The  debate  over  their  control  is  more  intense  and  yet  legislatively 
finding there is nothing new about it.
Last  weekend,  activists  from  across  the  country  gathered  outside  the 
Capitol  to  demonstrate  their  support  and  defense  of  the  Second 
Amendment of the Constitution that guarantees the right of the people 
to own and carry firearms. Precisely one of those activists is Edgar 
Antillón who traveled from Colorado to the capital.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 69 / Segment # 2 / 
TRT: 7'51"
When: December 15th., 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
President  Trump  desire  of  designating  Mexican  Drug  Cartels  as 
terrorist organizations may not look like a crazy one but the idea has 
generated  fear  from  Mexican  officials  seeing  it  a  threat  to  the 
sovereignty  of  the  country  that  could  lead  to  the  military 
intervention of the United States, but that also doesn't resolves the 
problem of the fire arms flow to the neighborhood country.
Professor Duncan Woor Director of the Mexico Institute from The Wilson 
Center in Washington D.C. explains it all.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 70 / Segment # 3 / 
TRT: 2’49”
When: December 22th., 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
A new survey carried out by 'root insurance' shows that in this time 
of  holidays,  there  is  a  new  latent  danger  in  the  streets,  It  is  the 
drivers that make purchases through the internet while driving.  
POLITICA YA CON TSI-TSI-KI FÉLIX FCC REPORT – 2019
ISSUE: HEALTH CARE
Program 59:  Política Ya con Tsi-Tsi-ki Félix (Segment #3/ 4:39)
When:  October 6th , 2019  Sunday 5:00 am
800  Casos  de  neumonitis  entre  adolescentes  son  atribuidos  al  consumo 
de  cigarrilos  electrónicos  que  han  sido  prohibidos  por  la 
administración  Trump  tras  la  muerte  de  7  adolescentes.    Sin  embargo 
será esto suficiente?
Para hablarnos de esto invitamos al doctor Elmer Huerta del Instituto 
de Cancerología del Washington Hospital Center.
Program: Política Ya con Tsi-Tsi-ki Félix- Segment #2, 6:53) 
When: October 27th, 2019Sunday 5:00 am 
Description of Program
Mrs.  Ligia  Peralta  President  and  CEO  of  Foundation  Casa  Ruben  in 
Silver  Spring  Maryland  and  Constitutional  Attorney  Joseph  Malouf 
explained in our studios the Opioids crisis from a medical and legal 
perspective.  Dr  Peralta  talked  how  OxyContin  was  marketed  by  Purdue 
Pharma  as  harmless  analgesic  in  1996.  23  years  later  they  face 
bankruptcy and lawsuits for over 12 billion dollars.
Program: Politica ya con tsi-tsi-ki Felix- segment # 2, 7:59)
When: November, 3rd, 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
7 years ago Colorado was the experimental ground where it was put to 
the test to decide if the people and authorities wanted to have legal 
marijuana  for  medical  use  and  years  later  for  recreational  use.  The 
result  of  millions  of  dollars  in  taxes  collected  change  policy  in 
areas like justice. Now it is even possible to erase the criminal past 
related to possession and consumption of the drug. 
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 66 / Segment # 3 / 
TRT: 3'43")
When: November 21st., 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
Winter weather preparedness by Justo Hernandez - Operations management 
at F.E.M.A.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 68 / Segment # 2 / 
TRT: 10'15")
When: December 8th., 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
Specialists  are  saying  December  and  January  are  the  most  depressive 
months of the year . People with different symptoms can get confused 
with diseases without knowing on how to distinguish them, and how to 
look up for help. Dr. Gabriela Romo give our audience the best tips on 
this matter.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 69 / Segment # 3 / 
TRT: 5'20"
When: December 15th., 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
The  national  council  on  aging,  is  the  national  organization  with  70 
years of service in matters related to aging. The objective is to face 
the  challenges  of  aging  like  the  economic  one  ,  health-care  and 
welfare. Armando Trull relations manager from the Council talks about 
the challenges for the elderly and their families.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 71 / Segment # 3 /
TRT: 4:39)
When: December 29th., 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
Immigration processes many times use professional services of
psychologists and other professionals. Doctor Gabriela Romo explains
how and why immigrants and their families need their services.
POLÍTICA YA CON TSI-TSI-KI FÉLIX FCC REPORT – 2019
ISSUE: NATIONAL IMMIGRATION
Program: Política Ya con Tsi-Tsi-ki Félix- 
Segment #2, 10:32) 
When: October 13th, 2019Sunday 5:00 am 
Description of Program
Jairo  Valencia  who  is  a  community  organizer  from  Many  Languages  One 
Voice  talks  about  the  for  profit  immigration  detention  centers  who 
generate profits for 4 billion dollars yearly.  Every day 52 thousand 
undocumented people sleeps in those for profit detention centers.
Program: Política Ya con Tsi-Tsi-ki Félix- Segment #2, 10:04) 
When: October 20th, 2019Sunday 5:00 am 
Description of Program
Kevin Mcaleenan DHS secretary quitting office, Federal courts stopping 
funds from pentagon budget to built border wall, "No" to public charge 
considerations  for  permanent  residents  applicants  and  all  about  the 
impeachment inquiry has been talked by Enrique Gutiérrez spokesperson 
from  the  Democratic  National  Committee  and  Omar  Franco,  Republican 
analyst.
Program: Política Ya con Tsi-Tsi-ki Félix- Segment #1, 13:30) 
When: October 27th, 2019Sunday 5:00 am 
Description of Program
Wadi  Gaitan  from  Libre  Initiative  and  Federico  de  Jesús  political 
analyst went through immigration topics like the Ap Investigation that 
discovered  that  deported  parents  may  lose  kids  to  adoption  in  the 
U.S.A.  The  detentions  violated  a  longstanding  court  settlement  that 
outlines  how  the  government  is  supposed  to  treat  migrant  children  in 
its custody. Customs and border protection set a strict 72 hour limit 
on children in their custody.
Another controversial issue was the fact of the Department of Homeland 
Security  begun  collecting  Dna  samples  of  asylum  seekers  due  the 
concern  of  adults  taking  minors  who  are  not  family  related  to 
impersonate complete families escaping violence in Central America and 
looking for asylum in the USA.
And also our guests go on the dismantling off the National association 
of immigration judges.
Program: Politica ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Felix- segment # 1, 14:18)
When: November, 3rd, 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
The  number  of  unaccompanied  minors  arrested  become  the  highest  in  a 
new  record  and  exceeds  the  2014  crisis  according  to  border  patrol 
figures,  so  the  United  States  arrested  more  minors  on  the  southern 
border  during  fiscal  year  2019  than  in  any  other  year.  It  also 
registered  an  increase  of  more  than  50%  in  relation  to  the  2018 
numbers.
The  trump  administration  will  also  begin  sending  central  Americans 
detained on the border with Guatemala, which would mean the beginning 
of  the  implementation  of  last  July's  agreement  with  the  countries  of 
the northern triangle.
And  investigations  for  a  political  trial  against  trump  continue.  Art 
Estopinan  Republican  analyst  and  Ben  Monterroso  democratic  analyst 
talked about it.
Program: Politica ya con tsi-tsi-ki Felix- segment # 2, 7:59)
When: November, 3rd, 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
Abel nuñéz executive director of organization CARECEN talks about the 
extension  for  12  months  of  work  permit  to  Salvadorans  who  processed 
tps.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 65 / Segment # 1 / 
TRT: 12'30")
When: November 17th, 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
Immigration  experts  say  that  the  Trump  administration  took  another 
blow to legal immigration by announcing the increase in the rates of 
immigration  procedures  by  the  Department  of  Immigration  and 
Citizenship  Services  of  the  country.  Beatriz  Afanador,  analyst  and 
communications  officer  for  Catholic  Relief  Services  and  Jeffrey 
Kihien-Palza  political  analyst  and  legal  advisor  to  the  Latino 
Leadership Council spoke about it.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 65 / Segment # 2 / 
TRT: 9'15")
When: November 17th, 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
Only hours before the oral arguments of the young "dreamers" who have 
deferred  action  for  childhood  arrivals  in  an  undocumented  manner 
before the Supreme Court were finally heard, Donald Trump called them 
"Not  so  young,  far  from  being  ones  angels,  rude  and  hardened 
criminals.  "  Angelica  Salas  is  the  executive  director  of  the  CHIRLA 
organization  and  spoke  with  Tsi-tsi-ki  Felix  about  it  at  the  moment 
when  hundreds  of  thousands  of  the  so-called  "dreamers"  breathed  hope 
while  hundreds  of  them  traveled  to  the  country's  capital  to  try  to 
expose their stories to the Supreme Court magistrates where it will be 
decided  whether  the  end  of  the  program  by  the  Trump  administration 
continues  or  not.  Of  the  nine,  four  magistrates  are  in  favor,  four 
more are against and only one John Roberts would be undecided.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 65 / Segment # 2 / 
TRT: 9'15")
When: November 17th, 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
As  every  year  throughout  the  country  and  outside  of  it,  tribute  was 
paid to those who serve in the armed forces and have given up to life. 
It  is  estimated  that  8,000  non-citizens  annually  join  the  US  army, 
35,000 non-citizens are active and it is estimated that 18 percent of 
the total armed forces are made up of Latinos. 
However in Tijuana, Baja California. Mexico our correspondent Claudia 
Orozco  tells  us  about  those  veterans  deported  to  their  country  of 
origin: Mexico!
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 69 / Segment # 1 / 
TRT: 12'49"
When: December 15th., 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
Neither the more than 20 thousand federal employees or more than the 
seven thousand million dollars in budget from our taxes are sufficient 
to  avoid  that  immigrants  in  Customs  and  Border  Protection  detention 
centers die as abandoned animals.
Carlos  Gregorio  Hernández  Vásquez,  16  years  old,  was  tumbled  in  the 
floor during hours before someone should find him dead, according to a 
video obtained by the journalistic organization, propublica.
The  video  documents  the  last  hours  of  the  youth,  and  shows  how  the 
agents of the Border Patrol did not be aware of the signs every more 
obviously that their condition was serious.
The  video  finishes  abruptly    and  restarted  a  few  hours  later, 
according  to  the  propublica  analysis,  and  shows  carlos  in  the  same 
position when his cell companion wakes up, finds him in the bathroom 
area in a charges an agent of the Border Patrol.
Political  analysts  Art  Estepinan  and  Patricia  Sosa  debate  on  this  an 
other current affairs topics.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 70 / Segment # 1 / 
TRT: 13’35”
When: December 22th., 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
We begin the final straight to leave this 2019 full of news that still 
occupy the attention of the hispanic community throughout the country. 
Every  month,  some  measure  or  policy  qualified  as  anti  immigrant  like 
change  to  policy  extension  regarding  the  moral  character  of  citizens 
applicants. Or on the other hand the hope for field workers to get a 
legal  status  in  the  country  are  some  of  the  most  read  news  on  our 
political portal POLITICAYA.COM
To talk about this and more we have Federico de Jesus democrat analyst 
and Joseph Malouf constitutional lawyer.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 70 / Segment # 2 / 
TRT: 9’36”
When: December 22th., 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
For  violations  to  the  immigration  law  2,100  pregnant  women  were 
arrested  at  the  border  with  Mexico  in  2018  that  according  to  a  new 
report unveiled by the United States Government Responsibility Office.
The increase is the result of the cancellation of a policy created by 
President  Barack  Obama,  that  for  health  reasons,  left  free  women  who 
pregnant  to  cross  the  border.  Trump  put  an  end  to  that  stage 
argumenting that absolutely nobody who is illegally in the country, is 
immune to detention and deportation.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 71 / Segment # 1 /
TRT: 9:39)
When: December 29th., 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
Only hours left to end 2019 and the legal and ilegal Immigration theme
still occupying the headliners as did every day and as ever before, We
have lived the darkest moments in the history of the country that
paradoxically was created and built by immigrants. Political analysts
Patricia Sosa and Arthur Estopinan talk about the high lights in 2019
such as Caravans, Overpopulated Immigration Detention Centers run by
the state, Dead of Immigrants in hands of federal employees and ICE
raids in work centers leaving kids literally orphans because in some
cases both Mommy and Daddy were taken away.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 71 / Segment # 2 /
TRT: 12:39)
When: December 29th., 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
In this Special show of Politica Ya, The lawyers of such matter in
this third year of the Trump administration had new cases, some not
seen before because no other administration has seeded the way to stop
immigration in a legal and undocumented way.
To talk about this and more we invited Miss. Kelly Escobar and Miss.
Eileen Blessinger, both immigration attorneys at law. Both counselor
go on Asylum seekers at the border.
DACA, Temporary protective program, Delay on immigration courts and
new USCIS Fees.
POLÍTICA YA CON TSI-TSI-KI FÉIX FCC REPORT – 2019
ISSUE: NATIONAL EDUCATION
Program: Politica ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Felix- segment # 3, 3:43)
When: November, 3rd, 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
For  two  decades  the  organization  "Friends  of  the  Latin  National 
Museum" headed by Mr. Danny Vargas, have lobbied for the establishment 
of a museum with federal funds granted by the congress to be part of 
the  Smithsonian  group  of  museums  but  dedicated  solely  to  Americans 
latinos after 500 years of contributions.
Program: Politica Ya con Tsi-tsi-ki Félix / Show # 68 / Segment # 3 / 
TRT: 3'04")
When: December 8th., 2019 Sunday 5:00 am
Description of program
According  to  the  Pew  Research  Center  the  Hispanic  population  in  the 
United  States  reached  60  million  people  since  2018,  it  is  estimated 
that  a  record  of  32  million  latinos  will  be  eligible  to  vote  in  the 
next 2020 elections. Mr. Hector Sanchez is the new Executive Director 
for  Mi  Familia  Vota  education  fund  and  talks  more  about  this  coming 
election.
POLÍTICA YA CON TSI-TSI-KI FÉLIX FCC REPORT – 2019
ISSUE: NATIONAL RELIGION
