RADIO COMMUNITY ISSUES –PROGRAMS REPORT
EL SHOW DEL FLACO Y SU PANDILLA
ENTRAVISION HOLDINGS, LLC
2425 OLYMPIC BLVD STE 6000 W
SANTA MONICA, CA 90404 4030
QUARTER 1, 2020
January 1, 2020 – March 31, 2020
Wednesday, January 8 2020
Issue: Public Safety and Well Being
Program: El Flaco Y Su Pandilla 
Description: Today’s topic discussed the issue of Iran bombing United States bases in Iraq. This 
discussion included the many misconceptions and misinformation that has been circling the 
internet. El Flaco Y Su Pandilla also informed the general public about what this could 
potentially mean in terms of safety in the states. 
Wednesday, January 15 2020 
Issue: National Safety
Program: El Flaco Y Su Pandilla
Description: The show today discussed the current situation of individuals being murdered in 
Mexico. This included information regarding drug lords, the drug crisis, and the actions that the 
mexican government is doing in order to help with the ever growing drug crisis.
Wednesday, January 22 2020
Issue: Public Safety 
Program: El Flaco Y Su Pandilla
Description: The general public was updated about organized crime in Mexico, and how the 
mexican government is dealing with this situation. They updated listeners of the actions that 
President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador will be taking regarding this issue.
Friday. January 31 2020
Issue: Public Well Being and Safety
Program: El Flaco Y Su Pandilla
Description: The general public was informed about the new Coronavirus situation which is 
taking place in Wuhan China. They informed their listeners about all the updates and everything 
that one needs to know in order to stay safe and well. In addition, the show updated listeners on 
the amounts of Coronavirus cases that are happening around the world, and what everyone 
should expect in the future. 
Thursday, February 6 2020
Issue: Public Information and Well Being
Program: El Flaco Y Su Pandilla
Description: Listeners were updated on Trump and whether or not he would be impeached. 
They also talked about what the consequences would be, and clarified what “impeachment” 
actually means, because there were a lot of confused listeners. They also made clear what was 
fake news and what was factual in accordance with the Trump issue.
Wednesday, February 12 2020
Issue: Public Safety 
Program: El Flaco Y Su Pandilla
Description: Some illegal medical institutions are sending people across the border to buy 
medicine because it’s cheaper than getting it in the states. El Flaco Y Su Pandilla, informed the 
public about the dangers of getting medication that is not approved by the FDA, and the 
complications and negative side effects that they can have. They also advise the general public to 
always take care of themselves and to always ask a professional with regards to any medication. 
Wednesday, February 18 2020
Issue: Freedom Rights 
Program: El Flaco Y Su Pandilla
Description: The show discussed the possibility of having a gay president, and whether the 
majority of the population would be okay with it. They also reminded everyone about the rights 
that we all have while living within the United states, and reminded the general public to think 
before acting and reacting harshly. In addition, they reminded listeners about the different points 
of view of everyone, and to respect each other as always. 
Friday, February 21 2020
Issue:  Public Safety
Program: El Flaco Y Su Pandilla
Description: The Mexican government wants to sentence drug lords and murderers to death 
penalty, but a lot of individuals aren’t okay with it. Today the public was informed about the 
current action that the government it taking, and was asked if the death penalty was the right 
thing to do in situations such as these. 
Thursday, March 5 2020
Issue: Public Security and Safety
Program: El Flaco y Su Pandilla 
Description: The whole world is on the edge due to the Coronavirus epidemic. Today the state 
of California announced a state of emergency. El Flaco y Su Pandilla informed the public of 
what to expect in a state of emergency, the reasons behind this, and what to expect. They also 
addressed some misinformation that has been going viral, and urged everyone to be safe and 
follow the guidelines. 
Tuesday, March 10 2020
Issue: Public Safety and Security
Program: El Flaco Y Su Pandilla
Description: The show updated listeners about the Coronavirus Covid-19 epidemic. They 
addressed a lot of fake news that has been circulating the internet, and informed the public of all 
the cancelled events due to the virus
Monday, March 16 2020 
Issue: Public Safety and Security
Program: El Flaco Y Su Pandilla
Description: The general public was updated on the current status that the U.S. is in with regards 
to the Coronavirus. Restaurants, bars, schools, and casinos were closed, and states such as 
California and New york were put under quarantine and lockdown. 
Monday, March 23 2020
Issue: Public Security and Safety
Program: El Flaco Y Su Pandilla
Description: In the wake of the Coronavirus epidemic, the show informed the public about some 
of the precautions and actions that the United States government is doing in order to combat the 
effects that the virus is having on the public and the economy. The protocol includes giving out 
money for those who aren’t currently working, staying indoors, and only going out when 
necessary.
