 
 
July 8, 2020 
 
 
The  following  is  a  report  on  Public  Affairs  Programming  for  the  Second  Quarter  of  2020 
during which time  the  top  issues  of  community  interest  and  concern  in New  Port  Richey, 
Florida and the surrounding area were found to be: 
 
Health 
Economy 
Public Safety 
Education 
Community Relations 
 
This  report  summarizes  a  representative  sample  of  programming  that  provided  the  most 
significant treatment of community issues during the past quarter. Programming frequently 
deals with more than one issue. To meet these issues, WDUV-FM airs a series of public affairs 
programs on Sunday mornings as well as weekday news updates. 
 
“Radio  Health  Journal”  airs  Sunday  mornings  at  7:00  a.m.  and  “Sunday  Morning”  airs 
Sunday mornings at 7:30 a.m. 
 
WDUV-FM also helps meet community issues through daily programming.  As traffic and 
transportation  are  often  major  issues  for  residents  of  Tampa  Bay,  WDUV-FM  airs  traffic 
reports four times hourly on weekdays from 6:00 to 9:00 a.m. and twice hourly from 4:00 to 
6:00 p.m. 
 
WDUV-FM  also  runs  a  heavy  schedule  of  :60  second  Public  Service  Announcements 
produced by the Florida Association of Broadcasters throughout all hours of the day. 
 
Cox Radio, LLC. is the licensee of WDUV-FM.  
 
Respectfully submitted, 
Nate Carter-Reed 
 
Nate Carter-Reed 
Director of Branding & Programming 
Cox Media Group Tampa 
 
NCR/mc 
 
 
 
WDUV-FM      11300 Fourth Street North      Suite 300      St. Petersburg, Florida 33716     (727) 579.2000 
FCC QUARTERLY PUBLIC AFFAIRS REPORT 
 
Health 
Sunday, April 5, 2020 – Radio Health Journal 7:00 am 
30:00 
Host: Reed Pence. Guests: Jessica Porten, Dr. Darby Saxbe, and Dr. Tiffany Moore 
Simas 
Perinatal depression (previously known as postpartum depression) is seldom brought 
up by a new mother, so healthcare providers must screen for it carefully. However, 
sometimes they err on the side of caution in efforts to prevent the mother from harming 
herself or her baby. Experts discuss the balancing act. 
2nd Segment 
Host: Nancy Benson. Guest: Dr. Michael Lewis 
Virtually no one in the US has been unaffected by the coronavirus pandemic, and stress 
is at high levels. A public health and brain expert discuss why “sheltering in place” is so 
important in spite of the stress it generates, and a few simple steps to ease the stress. 
Radio Health Journal is important to WDUV listeners as it showcases a variety of Health-
related topics and Health is a primary topic of their interest. 
 
Sunday, April 5, 2020 – Sunday Morning 7:30 am 
30:00 
Host: Jeff Slater. Guest: Tim Marks – President of Metropolitan Ministries 
With more people out of work the need for donations at metropolitan ministries have 
never been greater.  Mr. Marks talks about the need and how our listeners can help.  For 
the first time ever, the shelves at their food pantry are now empty.  They're still able to 
make over 300 meals a day for people however, more people are showing up looking for 
needing metro mins. boxes of hope.  More and more people are asking for help with 
paying the rent and bills and the accounts at metro-min are running out.  Mr. Marks 
talks about the items needed right now, why it's not just food that's needed as many 
people need toilet paper, soap, cleaning supplies, etc.  He also talks about the different 
locations people can drop off donations and how people can still get help at metro min.  
Normally they need volunteers, but currently Metropolitan Ministries says they're trying 
to use less volunteers due to the spread of COVID-19. 
 
 
 
 
WDUV-FM – Q2, 2020 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
FCC QUARTERLY PUBLIC AFFAIRS REPORT 
 
Sunday, April 12, 2020 – Radio Health Journal 7:00 am 
30:00 
Host: Reed Pence. Guest: Irene Lindsey Brantley 
With hundreds of millions of Americans sheltering at home due to the COVID-19 
pandemic, the odds and fear of domestic abuse are rising. The leader of a noted shelter 
and counseling program discusses the increase, the difficulty of counteracting it during 
a national lockdown, and what people can do to cope. 
2nd Segment 
Host: Nancy Benson. Guest: Dr. Sheila Blumstein and Dr. Jack Ryalls 
People who suddenly speak with what sounds like a foreign accent often have a brain 
injury due to a stroke or other trauma. Experts discuss the syndrome and chances of 
recovery. 
Radio Health Journal is important to WDUV listeners as it showcases a variety of Health-
related topics and Health is a primary topic of their interest. 
 
Sunday, April 12, 2020 – Sunday Morning 7:30 am 
30:00 
Host: Reed Pence. Guest: Sheri Bachstein with the Weather Channel 
Many people are trying to find the latest information on the coronavirus outbreak, and 
some say the info/data from the CDC and the Florida Dept. of Health is hard to read and 
confusing.  The weather channel has developed a user-friendly app that's available for 
free.  Ms. Bachstein talks about the features of the app.  The app is updated with the 
latest information from the world health organization, the CDC and the Dept. of Health.  
You can easily get the latest data from any county in Florida or you can check another 
area in the United States.  There's also the latest health advice and tips from the CDC 
featured on the app along with the locations of key healthcare clinics and testing centers.  
The app is also available for free online for people who don't have a smart phone. 
 
Sunday, April 19, 2020 – Radio Health Journal 7:00 am 
30:00 
Host: Reed Penson. Guests: Dr. Vivian Ho and Dr. Heidi Russell 
Hospitals are scrambling to get extra equipment and outfit more beds and ICU units for 
COVID-19 patients. Their treatment is time-consuming and expensive. At the same 
 
WDUV-FM – Q2, 2020 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
FCC QUARTERLY PUBLIC AFFAIRS REPORT 
 
time, hospitals’ lucrative elective procedure business has largely been eliminated. Will 
the combination bankrupt hospitals? Two experts who have studied the crisis discuss. 
2nd Segment 
Host: Nancy Benson. Guests: Sabrina Wescott and Erin Sampson  
The national effort to shelter in place has closed gyms and led many people to complain 
of weight gain. Two exercise experts discuss how people can maintain fitness at home 
with no equipment. 
Radio Health Journal is important to WDUV listeners as it showcases a variety of Health-
related topics and Health is a primary topic of their interest. 
 
Sunday, April 19, 2020 – Sunday Morning 7:30 am 
30:00 
Host: Jeff Slater. Guest: Natasha Pierre - President of the National Alliance for the 
Mentally Ill Hillsborough County. 
The coronavirus is causing more stress problems for people in the Tampa bay area and 
some people are having a hard time coping with all the added stress is their lives.  Ms. 
Pierre talks what's causing all the added stress and how we can deal with it.  She 
discusses all the different ways people are being stressed out by being out of work, being 
forced to "stay at home", trying to make sure kids are getting an education, running the 
house, making sure we have all the essential items, etc.  She notes that people who live 
with mental illness are handling the pandemic stress better than people who have been 
diagnosed with a mental illness.  Ms. Pierre also discusses how watching too much news 
or constantly checking social media can add to stress and create a false sense of control.  
911 call centers statewide are seeing an increase in overdose calls and warned that many 
people who are fighting with addiction are having a very difficult time dealing with the 
pandemic since they're not able to go to their meetings.  Also discussed is why we're 
seeing more aggressive driving habits even though there are less people on the roads. 
 
Sunday, April 26, 2020 – Radio Health Journal 7:00 am 
30:00 
Host: Reed Penson. Guests: Dr. William Schaffner and Dr. Gary Slutkin 
Many Americans are impatient with social distancing as a result of COVID-19 despite 
the success of the tactic. However, reopening the country too quickly could allow the 
virus to come roaring back, resulting in thousands more deaths and even more 
 
WDUV-FM – Q2, 2020 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
FCC QUARTERLY PUBLIC AFFAIRS REPORT 
 
economic damage. Two experts explain how the rollout should happen to get us back to 
work safely. 
2nd Segment 
Host: Nancy Benson. Guest: Dr. Douglas White 
A lack of ventilators potentially puts doctors in the position of deciding which of their 
COVID-19 patients get a ventilator and live, and which ones don’t get one and die. New 
rules for making such decisions have been released which are designed to be fair and 
independent. The designer of the rules explains.  
Radio Health Journal is important to WDUV listeners as it showcases a variety of Health-
related topics and Health is a primary topic of their interest. 
 
Sunday, May 3, 2020 – Radio Health Journal 7:00 am 
30:00 
Host: Reed Pence. Guest: Dan Stockdale 
Nursing homes have been a hotbed of fatal COVID-19 infections. The virus was loose in 
many of them before they could even know it. An industry expert discusses what nursing 
homes are doing now to keep the virus out and their patients safe. 
2nd Segment 
Host: Nancy Benson. Guest: Dr. Krystal Lewis 
Mental health is difficult to maintain when people are required to stay inside at home. 
In fact, we’re asked to engage in activities that normally would indicate mental distress. 
A noted psychologist with the NIH discusses ways to stay mentally healthy during the 
pandemic lockdown. 
Radio Health Journal is important to WDUV listeners as it showcases a variety of Health-
related topics and Health is a primary topic of their interest. 
 
Sunday, May 10, 2020 – Radio Health Journal 7:00 am 
30:00 
Host: Reed Pence. Guests: Dr. Franziska Ringpfeil, Dr Brian Cole, and Brian Slusser 
Doctor’s appointments via smartphone have been available for some time but were little 
used except in remote areas due to insurance reluctance. Now telemedicine has been 
forced on us and on insurers by COVID-19 restrictions, and many providers swear by 
them. Three experts discuss. 
 
WDUV-FM – Q2, 2020 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
FCC QUARTERLY PUBLIC AFFAIRS REPORT 
 
2nd Segment 
Host: Nancy Benson. Guests: Dr. Martin Andersen and Dr. Mark Muro 
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused a quicker economic crash than we’ve ever seen. 
Opening the nation too fast will likely trigger a “W” shaped recovery with wide swings of 
growth then decline. Either way, the effects will last for years. Experts discuss likely 
scenarios. 
Radio Health Journal is important to WDUV listeners as it showcases a variety of Health-
related topics and Health is a primary topic of their interest. 
 
Sunday, May 17, 2020 – Radio Health Journal 7:00 am 
30:00 
Host: Reed Pence. Guest: Jessica Foody and Dr. Kathleen Brady 
The COVID-19 lockdown has triggered increased alcohol use in many people, and an 
alcohol use disorder in some. Help can be difficult to access, as face-to-face counseling 
and group sessions have been halted. For women, it can be even more difficult, as they 
are much more comfortable in rarer single-sex sharing situations. Two experts discuss 
today’s dangerous alcohol triggers and how to seek help. 
2nd Segment 
Host: Nancy Benson. Guests: Dr. Maribel Alvarez 
Spring is the season of rituals—prom, graduation, commencement and weddings. Social 
distancing has taken most of these rituals away. An expert discusses the importance of 
rituals in our mental health and why it’s OK to grieve their loss. She also discusses how 
changing rituals can be successful save for the tragic loss of funerals. 
Radio Health Journal is important to WDUV listeners as it showcases a variety of Health-
related topics and Health is a primary topic of their interest. 
 
Sunday, May 17, 2020 – Sunday Morning 7:30 am 
30:00 
Host: Jeff Slater. Guest: Meredith Terrian with the Epilepsy Foundation Tampa 
One in twenty-six people will be diagnosed with epilepsy.  There's still a stigma and a lot 
of misinformation when it comes to epilepsy.  Mr. Slater and Ms. Terrian discuss how 
the epilepsy foundation is working to raise public awareness of epilepsy, how kids can 
have a seizure safe summer camp, how they're working to make schools seizure free 
 
WDUV-FM – Q2, 2020 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
FCC QUARTERLY PUBLIC AFFAIRS REPORT 
 
zones and how they support families who've lost loved ones to epilepsy.  Also discussed 
was how many people really don't understand epilepsy and the stigma many people with 
epilepsy face.  Ms. Terrian talks about their new fundraising campaign Give 26 
(give26.com) and how our listeners can support the Epilepsy Foundation. 
 
Sunday, May 24, 2020 – Radio Health Journal 7:00 am 
30:00 
Host: Reed Pence. Guests: Dr. Paul Ehrlich and Dr. Sandra Kahn 
Over the last 8,000 years, the human jaw has been getting smaller due to an 
increasingly soft diet and a lack of jaw exercise. The result is an epidemic of crooked 
teeth and serious health consequences, as two experts explain. 
2nd Segment 
Host: Nancy Benson. Guest: Dr. Carlos Wambier 
For people under about age 70, COVID-19 is much harder on men than on women, 
especially those with strong male characteristics like scalp balding and plentiful body 
hair. A group of researchers has a theory as to why—that male hormones provide the 
virus with an entry into the cell. One of the researchers discusses what that could mean 
in terms of treatment. 
Radio Health Journal is important to WDUV listeners as it showcases a variety of Health-
related topics and Health is a primary topic of their interest. 
 
Sunday, May 31, 2020 – Radio Health Journal 7:00 am 
30:00 
Host: Reed Pence. Guests: Dr. Robert Russell and Dr. Lucinda Halstead 
Scientists have discovered that singing is an exceptionally effective way to spread viruses 
through the aerosolized particles it expels, which may travel much farther than the six-
foot safety zone many people follow. This means choruses and choirs may not get back 
to “normal” after the COVID-19 pandemic until much later than most activities, and 
only with rapid, effective testing or a vaccine. Experts explain. 
2nd Segment 
Host: Nancy Benson. Guest: Dr. Sharon Moalem 
Women may have been known through the centuries as the weaker sex, but researchers 
have learned that they are anything but weak. Their 2 X chromosomes are both active 
 
WDUV-FM – Q2, 2020 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
FCC QUARTERLY PUBLIC AFFAIRS REPORT 
 
and cooperate with each other, especially in immune response. An expert discusses new 
findings on their genetic superiority. 
Radio Health Journal is important to WDUV listeners as it showcases a variety of Health-
related topics and Health is a primary topic of their interest. 
 
Sunday, May 31, 2020 – Sunday Morning 7:30 am 
30:00 
Host: Jeff Slater. Guest: Joel Marion - CISSN, NSCA-CPT (Sports Nutritionist in 
Clearwater 
While many people are still staying home and ordering takeout due to COVID-19 they're 
letting their diets and exercise programs fall by the wayside.  Mr. Marion talks about 
changing the way we eat and work out during the pandemic.  Also discussed are the 
common mistakes people are making with their diets during the pandemic and why a lot 
of people look at what they're eating and cooking.  Certain foods and fats can slow your 
metabolism and can often mess up the hormone balance in the human body.  This is 
especially true for women.  Mr. Marion talks about the latest trend toward a 'plant 
based' diet and what you should really be eating if you want to start a 'plant based' diet, 
why we need to be careful about what types of dairy we put into our bodies, why quick 
processed meats are bad for the body and why a diet heavy in plants, grains and beans 
can be beneficial.  He also said many people's eating times (schedules) are thrown off 
right now and we're eating at different times than we've conditioned our body to when it 
comes to "feeding time." That can be a bonus.  Mr. Marion shared research that now 
states a big breakfast can do you more harm than good and is one the reasons why 
people often find themselves hungry way before lunch.  He said a lighter, no sugar-high 
protein can help stabilize the body and that lunch should be when we have our bigger 
meal.  however, it's also important to be careful what we eat at lunch and eating the 
wrong thing makes you feel full for only a short time and then we start looking for 
afternoon snakes that are not good us.  Discussed is why 'grazing' between meals on 
healthy nuts, fruits and other options is a good way to stave off hunger.  He says it's o.k. 
that many of us are eating later than normal…just be careful as to what we're eating late 
at night.  Carbs are the worst thing you can eat late at night.  Mr. Marion also gives some 
easy and quick workout tips for both indoor and outdoor activity while many of us are 
home during the coronavirus. 
 
Sunday, June 7, 2020- Radio Health Journal 7:00 am 
30:00 
Host: Reed Pence. Guests: Anya Prince, Dr. Patricia Born, Lisa Schlager 
 
WDUV-FM – Q2, 2020 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
FCC QUARTERLY PUBLIC AFFAIRS REPORT 
 
It’s illegal for health insurers to use genetic testing to discriminate against policyholders. 
However, life insurers can and do discriminate on that basis if the test is in your medical 
file. Private testing lets patients know their risk for many diseases without landing in 
health files. Advocates want to make it illegal for life insurers to also discriminate on 
this basis, but it may end up with higher costs for everyone. Experts explain. 
2nd Segment 
Host: Nancy Benson. Guests: Dr. Francesco Pia and Mario Vittone 
Seven hundred children under age 15 drown in the US each year, most within sight of a 
parent or other adult. Experts discuss one major reason: drowning doesn't look like 
most people picture it, and so are unaware the child is in trouble. 
Radio Health Journal is important to WDUV listeners as it showcases a variety of Health-
related topics and Health is a primary topic of their interest. 
 
Sunday, June 14, 2020 – Radio Health Journal 7:00 am 
30:00 
Host: Reed Pence. Guests: Jane Fraser and Dr. Eric Jackson 
Stuttering is an extremely misunderstood disability. Many stutterers go to great lengths 
to avoid the words or phrases that trip them up and are often successful in keeping their 
disability hidden. Yet then it may be mistaken for other problems. Experts explain, 
using former Vice President Joe Biden as an example. 
2nd Segment 
Host: Nancy Benson. Guest: Judith Finlayson 
Scientists have learned that the habits and environments of our parents and 
grandparents can have a strong effect on our health and longevity as a result of 
imprinting on egg and sperm cells. An expert explains. 
Radio Health Journal is important to WDUV listeners as it showcases a variety of Health-
related topics and Health is a primary topic of their interest. 
 
Sunday, June 21, 2020 – Radio Health Journal 7:00 am 
30:00 
Host: Reed Pence. Guests: Dr. Julie Swan and Dr. Pinar Keskinocak 
With thousands of people demonstrating in the streets after the death of George Floyd, 
health experts are concerned that the crowds, shouting, and lack of masks may 
 
WDUV-FM – Q2, 2020 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
FCC QUARTERLY PUBLIC AFFAIRS REPORT 
 
contribute to a spike in COVID-19 cases. However, with many locations also “opening 
up,” they say a spike is inevitable, to be made worse by protests, but teasing out what’s 
responsible becomes more difficult. Experts discuss. 
2nd Segment 
Host: Nancy Benson. Guest: Dr. Rachel Bishop 
Summer is when people want to spend as much time outdoors as possible. Skin 
protection and sunscreen are something most of us consider, but overexposure to UV 
rays is extremely dangerous to the eyes as well. An expert discusses. 
Radio Health Journal is important to WDUV listeners as it showcases a variety of Health-
related topics and Health is a primary topic of their interest. 
 
Sunday, June 21, 2020 – Sunday Morning 7:30 am 
30:00 
Host: Jeff Slater. Guest: Dr. Maria Hicks - Dermatologist with Forcare Medical Group 
serving all of Tampa Bay. 
There have been many cases reported of flesh-eating bacteria off the gulf coast of 
Florida.  Tourist and residents have been diagnosed with the disease from the Florida 
panhandle all the south past Sarasota county.  Some of those people die from the disease 
or have had limbs amputated to save their lives.  Dr. Hicks talks about the flesh-eating 
bacteria and why it's so hard to detect and treat.  Flesh eating bacteria (necrotizing 
fasciitis) is caused by more than one bacterium and is common in the waters off 
Florida’s coast. The warmer water during the summer months attracts the bacteria and 
that's why we see more cases being reported.  You could come in contact with the 
bacteria and never have an issue.  However, in most cases the victims all have one thing 
in common, a small cut or scratch.  The small cut is where the bacteria enters the body.  
The patient can have an infection days before any symptoms show up.  Often patients 
complain of a burning sensation near the infection and then will start running a fever.  
By the time a victim goes to the doctor or the hospital it's too late.  It spreads rapidly and 
is tough to treat.  Often patients must be hospitalized and undergo massive rounds of 
antibiotic treatment.  The dead black and bubbling skin must be cut away and often 
limbs must be amputated.  If the virus spreads into internal organs it's too late and only 
a matter of time before the patient dies.  Dr. Hicks warns anyone with a cut or has had 
recent surgery should avoid going in the water.  The bacteria can also be found in pools 
and hot tubs.  It's a good idea to always avoid hot tubs that are public, hotels, spas, etc. 
 
 
 
WDUV-FM – Q2, 2020 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
FCC QUARTERLY PUBLIC AFFAIRS REPORT 
 
Sunday, June 28, 2020 – Radio Health Journal 7:00 am 
30:00 
Host: Reed Pence. Guest: Fiona Lowenstein and Hannah Davis 
While most people who contract COVID-19 survive, those who suffer often-changing 
symptoms for months on end can only wonder when they’ll get well. A survey of 
members of a long-haul survivor’s support group find that many who don’t have 
“textbook” symptoms suffer poor medical care and discrimination as a result. Two 
women who operate the support group discuss the issues. 
2nd Segment 
Host: Nancy Benson. Guest: Dr. Bill Carroll and Dr. Lucinda Halstead 
Some people insist that wearing a face mask smothers them and makes them feel like 
they’re not getting enough air. An expert discusses what might be going wrong and lays 
out the basics on how to wear a mask without needing to come up for air. 
Radio Health Journal is important to WDUV listeners as it showcases a variety of Health-
related topics and Health is a primary topic of their interest. 
 
Economy 
Sunday, May 3, 2020 – Sunday Morning 7:30 am 
30:00 
Host: Jeff Slater. Guest: James Bell - Director of Corp. Communications with Kia 
Motors. 
As we continue to battle COVID-19, most American car plants have shut down production 
to  spend  time  and  resources  to  make  PPE  items  for  first  responders  and  to  make 
ventilators for hospitals.  Mr. Bell with Kia motors talks about how the plants were shut 
down to make the PPEs and how by doing so they've been able to keep people working. 
It’s not just Kia working to help our first responders, most auto plants are manufacturing 
items that are needed during the pandemic.  Mr. Bell talks about how car dealerships have 
learned how to change the way they do business and even how the appointments in the 
service department are changing.  Mr. Bell gives some great consumer tips for people who 
may be in market for a new car.  Most auto dealers are offering special incentives and no 
interest  programs.    Most  of the  auto  lots are  still  full  of  2020  models and  they started 
production on the 2021-line right before the virus hit.  The dealers will soon start offering 
better deals on the 2020 models just to get them off the lot.  He gives some insider tips on 
how to get the best price on a vehicle during the coronavirus pandemic and the months to 
follow after we're back in phase three.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 
WDUV-FM – Q2, 2020 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
FCC QUARTERLY PUBLIC AFFAIRS REPORT 
 
Sunday, May 10, 2020 -Radio Health Journal 7:00 am 
30:00 
Host: Jeff Slater. Guest: Mark Friedlander with the insurance information Institute – 
Florida 
With the stay at home order during the corona pandemic we've been seeing less traffic 
on the roads and all the major insurance companies have announced they are offering 
rebates (more than ten-billion-dollars).  Mr. Friedlander talks about the rebate, which 
companies are offering the rebates and how consumers will get them.  Most companies 
will be posting on credit on your next payment and not mailing out physical checks.  He 
explains why consumers are getting the rebate, why now is a good time to look at your 
policy and see if you can make adjustments to see if you can save more money, how to 
check to see if you have the right policy, and which insurance policies may need to be 
adjusted.  Since we are getting ready for hurricane season to kick off in June, he also 
discussed homeowner’s insurance and what you should look for in your policy.  Water 
and wind damage are often not included in a typical homeowner’s policy and it should 
be checked now before a storm comes only to find out coverage won't be offered by your 
carrier.  He also talked about ways to shop and save on car, rental and homeowners 
insurance. 
Radio Health Journal is important to WDUV listeners as it showcases a variety of Health-
related topics and Health is a primary topic of their interest. 
 
Sunday, May 24, 2020 – Sunday Morning 7:30 am 
30:00  
Host: Jeff Slater. Guest: Michelle Amer - Head Career Counselor with Career Builder 
Right now, we have seniors graduating from high school, students graduating from 
college, and many people unemployed due to COVID-19.  This is going to be a difficult 
time for anyone who's looking for a job.  Ms. Amer gives us tips on how to find and land 
a job.  First, the current pandemic is going to make it hard for recent grads to find a job.  
Many grads most likely will have to take a job they don't have a degree in or a job they 
didn't think they would want to do.  Many grads are going to have to look outside of 
their wanted career due to the lack of jobs. People who have already been in the 
workforce are now for the first time in years finding themselves looking for a job.  Ms. 
Amer gives tips on how to find a job and the different websites we can go to for free job 
listings.  Also discussed is how to write a resume, what to expect in a job interview, how 
to dress and act during an interview and how to stand out from other applicants.  Due to 
the coronavirus many employers are doing face to face interviews and you'll most likely 
be interviewed over the phone or by video conference.  If looking for a job, it's probably 
a good idea to scrub your social media.  Many employers are now looking at applicant’s 
 
WDUV-FM – Q2, 2020 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
FCC QUARTERLY PUBLIC AFFAIRS REPORT 
 
social media and just something you posted on social media could cost you from getting 
the job. 
 
Public Safety 
Sunday, June 7, 2020 – Sunday Morning 7:30 am 
30:00 
Host: Jeff Slater. Guest: Mike Trepper - Program Director of the Prodigy Program 
Earlier this year the prodigy program based in Hills. County celebrated their 2oth 
anniversary.  Mr. Trepper talks about the program.  The Prodigy program works with "at 
risk" kids in low income areas of Hills., Pinellas, Polk, and Pasco counties.  The program 
offers kids more than an education, it helps kids learn to reach their potential by using 
arts, culture, mentorship and other programs.  It is a 4-h program for low income kids.  
The program helps a child grow and feel worth by allowing them to create and learn by 
using something the kids may not have access to, i.e. all kinds of arts, music, 
photography, cooking, etc.  More on the program can be found on their website. 
“Prodigy is a research-based prevention and diversion program for at-risk youth ages 5-
18. Prodigy uses visual and performing arts to help young people develop life skills such 
as communication, leadership, problem solving, anger management, career aspirations, 
and goal setting. Each art class is conducted by a professional artist who serves as a 
mentor and teacher. Through art, young people build self-confidence, learn how to 
showcase their skills and develop lifelong positive habits for future success.  " according 
to independent research as well as the Florida department of juvenile justice, Prodigy is 
among the best performing prevention and diversion programs. Over 95% of young 
people enrolled do not have contact with law enforcement and for those who have 
committed a minor offense, over 89% do not reoffend. Additionally, Prodigy offers a 
cost savings of over 160 million dollars to taxpayers in Florida when invested in up front 
prevention cost to support juveniles (less than $1,600 per youth) versus over $60,000 
per youth for incarceration. Prodigy has been a national model for diversion 
programming by leading practitioners and researchers for several years.  This view is 
supported by both fiscal and scientific analysis. While we had mike on the air, we asked 
him to share some success stories with us.  He said most of the Prodigy graduates often 
stay in the local area opening businesses and becoming mentors in their own 
community.  It's important to note the prodigy program receives most of their funding 
from the state of Florida and the Florida Dept. of Juvenile Justice.    
 
 
 
 
WDUV-FM – Q2, 2020 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
FCC QUARTERLY PUBLIC AFFAIRS REPORT 
 
Sunday, June 28, 2020 – Sunday Morning 7:30 am 
30:00 
Host: Jeff Slater. Guest: Dr. W.M. Banner Jr. - Snake Bite Specialist with the National 
Poison Control Center 
Summer is here and the weather is warming.  That means we're going to start seeing 
more snake activity here in Florida.  Mr. Slater and Dr. Banner talk about snakes and 
snake bite treatment. It should be noted that Dr. Banner is the antivenom advisor to our 
hospitals in Florida and was just here meeting with local doctors.  He explains there are 
six members of the pit viper family that are indigenous to Florida that we are currently 
ready to handle with antivenom (crofab). Recently there were stories in the news about 
hooded cobras that escaped from their enclosures and put the public at risk.  Florida 
hospitals are not equipped to handle a cobra snake bite and the proper antivenom would 
have to be flown in delaying treatment.  Most snake bites in Florida happen between 
April and Sept. with the peak attacks happening in July.  Dr. Banner talks about how to 
protect ourselves when we're in an area where pit vipers tend to nest, what first aid can 
we administer while we wait for help and what kind of treatment should we expect when 
we get to the hospital. He explains how venom is collected to make antivenom.  Fun fact, 
none of the antivenom is processed here in the U.S.  We ship all the venom to a 
processing facility overseas and then the antivenom is shipped back here. 
 
Education 
Sunday, April 26, 2020 – Sunday Morning 7:30 am 
30:00 
Host: Jeff Slater. Guest: Cliff Archey - Program Manager IBM Corporate Citizenship 
Even with a pandemic shutting many places down, college grads are now out looking for 
a job.  Where are the most lucrative jobs right now?  Mr. Archey says there are currently 
thousands of open jobs in technology.  IBM has created a free educational platform to 
better equip young people for finding a job in the technology sector.  Tech companies 
are looking to fill positions in cyber security, A.I. and cloud computing.  The free online 
tutorials are not only for recent college grads but also to high school students, teachers 
and parents.  Some of the tutorials cover how to write a resume that will catch the eye of 
a potential employer and how to prepare for an interview in the tech field.  There are 
different free tutorials designed for high school counselors and teachers that will help 
them guide students to preparing for tech jobs.  The online platform will feature tech 
sectors that will only continue to grow in the next ten-years and that high school.  
 
 
WDUV-FM – Q2, 2020 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
FCC QUARTERLY PUBLIC AFFAIRS REPORT 
 
Community Relations  
Sunday, June 14, 2020 – Sunday Morning 7:30 am 
30:00 
Host: Amy Cardy. Guest: Chris Letsos, President & CEO of the Boys & Girls Club of 
Tampa Bay 
Ms. Cardy and Mr. Letsos talk about the history and upcoming events to benefit the 
Boys and Girls Club of Tampa bay. The club has a strong foundation in the Tampa bay 
area, having formed in 1926.  Mr. Letsos informs of the various services that the clubs 
provide. From learning environments, healthy lifestyles and improving character & 
leadership. Most of the program to the Giving Tuesday event is where the public was 
encouraged to join local radio on-air personalities & pro athletes, for an entire day 
scheduled with various events.  Donations for various activities were collected, with 
100% of the proceeds from the day’s events benefitting the Boys and Girls Club of 
Tampa Bay.  It is encouraged to follow the club’s Facebook page, dedicated to the 
specific events held by Big Brother/Big Sister. Other events that were mentioned was the 
Great Futures Gala to be held on September 12, 2020. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WDUV-FM – Q2, 2020 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
