Call Letters: WDDD-FM, WHET-FM, WTAO-FM, 
WHET-FM, WFRX-AM, W238CQ-FM 
Timed Aired: Sundays at 5:30 am
Weekly Public Affairs Program 
QUARTERLY ISSUES REPORT,  JULY-SEPTEMBER, 2020 
Show # 2020-27 
Date aired:  Sunday, July 5, 2020 
Robert Cialdini, PhD, social psychologist, Regents' Professor Emeritus of Psychology and Marketing 
at Arizona State University, former visiting Professor of Marketing, Business and Psychology at 
Stanford University and the University of California at Santa Cruz, author of “Pre-Suasion: A 
Revolutionary Way to Influence and Persuade” 
Dr. Cialdini talked about the science behind persuasion.  He said it’s not so much about the message, 
but what happens in the moment before the message is delivered.  He explained how consumers can 
recognize when they are the target of this sales technique.  He also discussed how it can be used in 
job interviews and other common daily activities. 
Issues covered: 
Consumer Matters 
Career 
Length: 9:54 
Ateev Mehrotra, MD, Senior Investigator and Associate Professor of Health Care Policy at Harvard 
Medical School 
Increasingly powerful computers are playing a greater role in our lives every year.  Could a computer 
match, or even outperform, human physicians in diagnosing illnesses?  Dr. Mehrota led a study that 
found that humans still have the upper hand--for now. He outlined several possible ways that 
computers may play a greater role in future healthcare scenarios. 
Issues covered: 
Personal Health 
Technology 
Length: 7:11  
Nicholson Baker, teacher, author of “Substitute: Going to School With a Thousand Kids” 
Mr. Baker worked as on-call substitute teacher in a Maine public school district.  He discussed the 
state of public schooling in America: children swamped with assignments, overwhelmed by social 
media and educational technology, and staff who struggle with overly ambitious curriculums. 
Issues covered:  
Education 
Youth at Risk 
Length: 5:00 
1 
Show # 2020-28 
Date aired:   Sunday, July 12, 2020 
Sean O'Leary, MD, Associate Professor, Pediatrics-Infectious Diseases at the University of Colorado 
School of Medicine, Director of the Colorado Pediatric Practice-Based Research Network, member of 
the American Academy of Pediatrics Committee on Infectious Diseases 
As the school season approaches and the pandemic continues, administrators are struggling with 
plans to educate the nation’s children.  Dr. O’Leary was an author of new guidelines from the 
American Academy of Pediatrics that encourages having students physically present in school.  He 
explained why remote learning has largely failed, and emphasized that there are major health, social 
and educational risks to keeping children at home. 
Issues covered: 
Education 
Coronavirus 
Length: 9:06 
Morgan Seybert, Managing Director of US analytics at Nielsen 
In the aftermath of consumer panic connected to COVID-19, Americans are now finding fewer choices 
on store shelves. Mr. Seybert said some companies plan to stick with fewer choices when the 
pandemic fades. He noted that baby care products, tobacco and frozen goods have seen the biggest 
reductions in varieties offered.  He said restaurants are also thinning menus as the virus changes how 
they can seat and serve customers. 
Issues covered:  
Consumer Matters 
Economy 
Coronavirus 
Length: 8:08  
Monica Betson-Montgomery, author of “The Keys to College: A Roadmap for Parents to Guide Their 
Children” 
Ms. Betson-Montgomery read and scored over 20,000 freshman college applications throughout her 
career. She believes the process of preparing for college should begin in grade school or even earlier. 
She outlined possible strategies for parents navigate their way through their child’s educational career. 
Issues covered:  
Education 
Parenting 
Length: 4:57 
Show # 2020-29 
Date aired:   Sunday, July 19, 2020  
Adam Levin, founder of security management and resolution company IDT911, author of “Swiped: 
How to Protect Yourself in a World Full of Scammers, Phishers, and Identity Thieves” 
With online breaches of massive databases becoming increasingly common, identity theft is a fact of 
life.  Mr. Levin explained the most common schemes used by scammers, to steal consumers’ private 
information.  He said beyond simple identity theft, other forms such as medical-related, tax fraud-
related and child identity theft are all increasing rapidly.  He offered suggestions for consumers on how 
to avoid becoming a victim. 
2 
Issues covered: 
Identity Theft 
Consumer Matters 
Length: 9:29 
Deborah Carr, PhD, Professor of Sociology, Interim Director of the Institute for Health, Health Care 
Policy and Aging Research at Rutgers University 
A recent federal report noted that, no matter how advanced their age, older men are far more likely to 
be married than older women.  Dr. Carr said life expectancy explains only part of this gray gender gap. 
She discussed the economic, social and health effects of this issue. She also explained why many 
older women are content to be single anyway. 
Issues covered:  
Women’s Issues 
Senior Citizens 
Retirement 
Length: 7:40  
Jonathan Dirlam, doctoral student in Sociology at Ohio State University 
Mr. Dirlam was the lead author of a study that found that job satisfaction in a worker’s late 20s and 30s 
has a link to mental health 15-20 years later.  He said those less than happy with their work early in 
their careers reported that they were more depressed and worried and had more trouble sleeping in 
their 40s.   
Issues covered:  
Mental Health 
Career 
Length: 4:57 
Show # 2020-30 
Date aired:   Sunday, July 26, 2020 
Federico E. Vaca, PhD, Professor of Emergency Medicine and Director of the Yale Developmental 
Neurocognitive Driving Simulation Research Center (DrivSim Lab) 
Teens are getting drivers licenses later than previous generations and missing critical safety training 
as a result, according to Dr. Vaca’s research.  He discussed the importance of Graduated Driver 
Licensing requirements, which are typically not required after a person turns 18. He outlined potential 
policy changes that could expand and improve driver safety training, regardless of age. 
Issues covered: 
Traffic Safety 
Teen Concerns 
Length: 8:26 
John-Tyler Binfet, PhD, Psychologist, Associate Professor of Education at the University of British 
Columbia Okanagan 
Dr. Binfet discussed his research into kids and kindness, which challenges media stereotypes that 
teens are common perpetrators of bullying, cyber harassment and schoolyard fights. He said most 
parents would be surprised at how kind their children are to others outside of the home. He also 
suggested ways for parents to encourage their kids to be kind. 
Issues covered:  
Children’s Issues 
Parenting 
Mental Health 
Length: 8:48  
3 
Daniel Soques, PhD, Assistant Professor of Economics at the University of North Carolina 
Wilmington 
The reaction to COVID-19 shutdowns has led to an unexpected coin shortage nationwide, causing 
some businesses to notify customers that they have no change to give, or to encourage only electronic 
transactions. Prof. Soques explained the factors behind the shortage and what steps are being taken 
by the Federal Reserve to address it. He also said that moving away from physical cash and coins 
disproportionately affects low income and homeless people. 
Issues covered:  
Economy 
Consumer Matters 
Government 
Poverty 
Length: 5:03 
Show # 2020-31 
Date aired:   Sunday, August 2, 2020 
Jonathon Wai, PhD, Psychologist, Research Scientist at the Duke University Talent Identification 
Program 
Dr. Wai is one of the researchers involved in a 45-year study of intellectually gifted children. He noted 
that kids who test in the top 1% tend to become the nation’s eminent scientists and academics, 
Fortune 500 CEOs and federal judges, senators and billionaires.  He said, because of the focus on 
lower performing students, youngsters who show an early aptitude for subjects like science and math 
tend not to receive the help they need.  He offered several simple steps schools can take to help gifted 
students reach their full potential. 
Issues covered: 
Education 
Parenting 
Length: 9:00 
Joann S. Lublin, Management News Editor for the Wall Street Journal, author of “Earning It: Hard-
Won Lessons from Trailblazing Women at the Top of the Business World” 
Ms. Lublin said that, although career prospects have improved, progress is still frustratingly slow for 
women hoping to break the glass ceiling in large companies.  She explained what it takes for women 
to climb to corporate heights in America, such as finding a career mentor. 
Issues covered:  
Women’s Issues 
Workplace Matters 
Length: 8:13  
Sage R. Myers, MD, MSCE, Assistant Professor in Pediatrics at the University of Pennsylvania 
Perelman School of Medicine, Attending Physician in the Division of Emergency Medicine at 
Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia 
Contrary to what many believe, living in the city is far less risky than in the country, according to a 
study Dr. Myers recently completed.  She said that although homicides in cities still outpace those in 
rural areas, the risk of dying from some form of accident or injury is 20 percent greater in rural 
counties.  She explained how this research can be used for future planning of trauma centers and 
other improvements to the medical system. 
Issues covered:  
Personal Health 
Crime 
Length: 4:55 
4 
Show # 2020-32 
Date aired:   Sunday, August 9, 2020  
Sofia Cienfuegos, Dietitian, Intermittent Fasting Researcher, Human Nutrition PhD Candidate at the 
University of Illinois at Chicago 
Ms. Cienfuegos led a study that examined the effectiveness of intermittent fasting for weight loss.  She 
found that obese adults lost an average of 3% of their body weight in two months without counting 
calories, simply by confining their eating to a 6-hour window each day.  She said the weight loss led to 
other significant health improvements, as well. 
Issues covered: 
Personal Health 
Obesity 
Nutrition 
Length: 8:00 
Simone Bruce, Psy.D., visiting therapist at the Behavioral Wellness Clinic in Connecticut, expert in 
mental health issues related to racism and discrimination 
Dr. Bruce said that the impact of race-based stress and trauma on the mental health of black people 
has been ignored far too long. She said that mental health professionals’ lack of education in this area 
often results in misdiagnosis and mistreatment.  She explained how the death of George Floyd 
sparked a serious increase in stress, anxiety and fear in the black community. 
Issues covered: 
Racism 
Mental Health 
Length: 9:23  
Merete Berg Nesset, Norwegian University of Science and Technology 
Domestic violence is on the rise, partly as a result of COVID-19 lockdowns. Prof. Nesset led a study 
that found that anger management treatment for offenders can have dramatic results in the prevention 
of physical and emotional violence.  She found that two forms of treatment, cognitive-behavioral group 
therapy and a stress management course based on mindfulness, worked equally well.  Prior to 
treatment, 85% cent of the male study subjects used physical violence that resulted in harm to their 
partner. After treatment, the percentage fell to 10%. 
Issues covered:  
Domestic Violence 
Mental Health 
Length: 5:02 
Show # 2020-33 
Date aired:   Sunday, August 16, 2020  
Sophie Egan, former Director of Health and Sustainability Leadership for the Strategic Initiatives 
Group at The Culinary Institute of America, author of “How to Be A Conscious Eater: Making Food 
Choices That Are Good for You, Others, and the Planet” 
Ms. Egan offered easy-to-remember suggestions for making practical decisions about food.  She 
explained why the organic label is important for certain specific foods.  She outlined the concerns 
relating to some canned foods, particularly for children and pregnant women.  She also explained how 
to choose foods that have the least impact on the environment. 
5 
Issues covered: 
Nutrition 
Food Safety 
Environment 
Consumer Matters 
Length: 8:55 
Bindu Kalesan, PhD, MPH, Assistant Professor of Medicine, Assistant Professor of Community 
Health Services at the Boston University School of Public Health 
Dr. Kalesan led a study that examined gun suicides in rural America.  She said that rather than firearm 
confiscation, efforts to reduce these suicides should be focused on addressing other diseases of 
despair which are connected to suicide, such as heart and liver diseases, diabetes and accidental 
opioid overdose. She said it is critical that those at risk of suicide and opioid addiction are treated by 
mental health professionals, rather than just untrained support from families or friends. 
Issues covered: 
Suicide  
Mental Health 
Gun Control 
Drug Abuse 
Length: 8:29  
S. Vincent Rajkumar, MD, hematologist and researcher at the Mayo Clinic
The concept of herd immunity has sparked debate about whether it would control the spread of 
COVID-19. Dr. Rajkumar explained the two weapons the human body uses to fight the virus: 
antibodies and T cells. He also discussed whether immunity to COVID-19 can decrease with time. 
Issues covered:  
Personal Health 
Coronavirus 
Length: 5:04 
Show # 2020-34 
Date aired:   Sunday, August 23, 2020  
Melanie Cullen, management and technology consultant, author of “Get It Together: Organize Your 
Records So Your Family Won't Have To” 
Ms. Cullen said disorganization can be a nightmare for those who need to step in to help an elderly 
person as a caregiver or estate executor.  She offered simple ways to organize important records like 
passwords, financial records, insurance policies, funeral arrangements, and other personal 
information. 
Issues covered: 
Senior Citizens 
Retirement Planning 
Length: 8:36 
6 
Peter Mazareas, PhD, worked with the U.S. Congress on legislation to create 529 savings plans, co-
author of “Plan and Finance Your Family's College Dreams: A Parent's Step-By-Step Guide from Pre-
K to Senior Year”” 
Planning and paying for a college education is a daunting task for most parents. Dr. Mazareas 
discussed the merits and complexities of 529 savings plans, which allow parents to save tax-free for 
higher education expenses. He said that there are numerous free and easy-to-access tools for parents 
to plan for the costs of college. 
Issues covered:  
Education 
Consumer Matters 
Parenting 
Length: 8:38 
Pamela Rutledge, PhD, Director of the Media Psychology Research Center, Fielding Graduate 
University in Santa Barbara, CA, author the “Positively Media” column for PsychologyToday.com, 
Editor-in-Chief of the academic journal Media Psychology Review 
Dr. Rutledge talked about the effect of selfies, Instagram and other social media phenomenon on girls’ 
self-esteem.  She believes that parents should not be overly concerned, that selfies are just the latest 
form of exploration and identity experimentation in teenagers’ formative years. 
Issues covered:  
Girl’s Issues 
Parenting 
Length: 5:01 
Show # 2020-35 
Date aired:   Sunday, August 30, 2020  
Laura Makaroff, DO, Senior Vice President of Prevention and Early Detection at the American Cancer 
Society  
The American Cancer Society has updated its guidelines for diet and physical activity for cancer 
prevention. Dr. Makaroff said the new recommendations increase the suggested levels of physical 
activity and place an increased emphasis on reducing the consumption of processed and red meat, 
sugar-sweetened beverages, processed foods, and alcohol. 
Issues covered: 
Cancer Prevention 
Personal Health 
Physical Fitness 
Length: 8:05 
Christine Carter, PhD, sociologist, Senior Fellow at the Greater Good Science Center at the 
University of California Berkeley, author of “The New Adolescence: Raising Happy and Successful 
Teens in an Age of Anxiety and Distraction”” 
Prof. Carter discussed recent parenting research, along with her own real-world experiences as the 
mother of four teenagers.  She also said that teens are struggling more than ever with suicidal 
thoughts, depression and anxiety, and that many of the challenges facing today’s teens didn’t exist 
when their parents were young.  She outlined what she believes are the three most critical skills that 
parents need to teach their kids. 
Issues covered:  
Parenting 
Teenage Concerns 
Mental Health 
Length: 9:12 
7 
Rachel Lampert, MD, Associate Professor of Medicine at Yale School of Medicine 
Arrhythmias and sudden cardiac arrests are blamed for 400,000 deaths annually in the US. Dr. 
Lampert’s research has found that anger and other negative emotions may be a major factor in many 
of these cases.  She explained how stress and anger may affect electrical impulses in the heart, and 
discussed several methods of dealing with stress and anger. 
Issues covered:  
Personal Health 
Mental Health 
Length: 5:00 
Show # 2020-36 
Date aired:   Sunday, September 6, 2020 
Stephanie Ruest, MD, FAAP, Pediatric Emergency Medicine Fellow at Rhode Island Hospital, fellow 
of the American Academy of Pediatrics 
Dr. Ruest’s research on behalf of the American Academy of Pediatrics found that the more time 
children spend using digital devices, the less likely they are to finish their homework.  Children who 
spent two to four hours a day using computers, videogames, tablets and smartphones had 23 percent 
lower odds of always or usually finishing their homework, compared to children who spent less than 
two hours.  Dr. Ruest offered advice to parents on how to monitor and control digital usage. 
Issues covered: 
Education 
Parenting 
Length: 7:39 
Laura Adams, Senior Insurance Analyst for insuranceQuotes.com 
Ms. Adams outlined a new study by insuranceQuotes that found that 86% of Americans are unaware 
that insurers use the claims history of previous homeowners to set premiums for new policies.  She 
explained why consumers are unaware of this database, what it contains, and how they can obtain a 
free report for their property. 
Issues covered:  
Consumer Matters 
Home Ownership 
Length: 9:26  
Heidi Williams, PhD, Class of 1957 Career Development Associate Professor in the Department of 
Economics at Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
The average amount an American spends on healthcare varies wildly, depending on where they live.  
Yet the outcome—average life expectancies—are similar. Dr. Williams co-authored a study of millions 
of Medicare patients’ records.  She found that decisions by patients and doctors are responsible for 
virtually equal shares of the differences in regional spending.   
Issues covered:  
Personal Health 
Consumer Matters 
Government Spending 
Length: 4:55 
8 
Show # 2020-37 
Date aired:   Sunday, September 13, 2020  
Sam Emaminejad, PhD, Assistant Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the UCLA 
Samueli School of Engineering 
Prof. Emaminejad has developed an add-on for existing smartwatches that allows the device to 
monitor drug levels inside a person’s body in real time.  He said the wearable technology could be 
incorporated into a more personalized approach to medicine -- where an ideal drug and dosages can 
be tailored to an individual. He believes the cost will be low and it could be available to consumers 
within two or three years. 
Issues covered: 
Personal Health 
Technology 
Length: 8:52 
Lisa Boucher, RN, author of “Raising the Bottom: Making Mindful Choices in a Drinking Culture” 
Ms. Boucher said many Americans quarantined are feeling more and more disconnected, which can 
easily lead to substance abuse. She added that people who may already have drinking problems are 
drinking more because they are alone, and alcohol can be easily ordered online and delivered to their 
homes.  She outlined warning signs and what help is available for those struggling with alcohol abuse. 
Issues covered: 
Substance Abuse 
Coronavirus 
Length: 8:18 
Roger Beckett, Executive Director of the Ashbrook Center at Ashland University, Ashland, Ohio 
For years, the teaching of history and civics has taken a back seat to STEM (science, technology, 
engineering, math) education.  Testing has found that only 18 percent of 8th graders are deemed 
“proficient” or better in history; only 23 percent in civics or government.  Mr. Beckett explained why he 
believes the founding documents of our country should be essential reading for every American, 
especially students. 
Issues covered:  
Education 
Government Policies 
Length: 5:03 
Show # 2020-38 
Date aired:   Sunday, September 20, 2020  
Danielle Holly, CEO of Common Impact, a nonprofit organization headquartered in Boston, which 
encourages skills-based volunteerism 
Ms. Holly’s organization recently issued a report that examined the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic 
on nonprofit organizations.  She said the effect has been staggering, and the skills and expertise of 
corporate employees are a critical part of restoring and sustaining non-profit organizations. She 
outlined the core challenges different non-profit groups are facing, and ways that Americans can help, 
through philanthropic and skilled volunteer support. 
Issues covered: 
Volunteerism 
Charitable Contributions 
Coronavirus 
Length: 8:44 
9 
Ray Dorsey, MD, David M. Levy Professor of Neurology and Director of the Center for Health + 
Technology at the University of Rochester Medical Center, co-author of “Ending Parkinson's Disease: 
A Prescription for Action” 
Dr. Dorsey said brain diseases are now the world's leading cause of disability. The fastest growing of 
these is Parkinson's: the number of impacted patients has doubled to more than six million over the 
last twenty-five years and is projected to double again by 2040.  He believes more resources must be 
placed into research, because while cases are on the rise, the most effective treatment is now a half 
century old. 
Issues covered: 
Parkinson's Disease 
Personal Health 
Length: 8:34 
Catherine Ettman, doctoral student at the Boston University School of Public Health 
Ms. Ettman led a first-of-its-kind study at the Boston University School of Public Health that found that 
the number of American adults with depression symptoms had tripled as of mid-April, when 96% of the 
U.S. population was living under some form of COVID-19 lockdown order.  She said that the study 
also found that a person with less than $5,000 in savings was 50% more likely to have depression 
symptoms than someone with more than $5,000. 
Issues covered:  
Mental Health 
Coronavirus 
Length: 5:07 
Show # 2020-39 
Date aired:    Sunday, September 27, 2020  
Karen L. Margolis, MD, MPH, Executive Director of Research at HealthPartners Institute in 
Minneapolis 
Dr. Margolis led a study that found that people enrolled in a pharmacist-led telemonitoring program to 
control high blood pressure were about half as likely to have a heart attack or stroke compared to 
those who received routine primary care.  She explained how the approach differs from typical 
treatment programs.  She also found that, with fewer medical complications, telemonitoring and phone 
visits translated into a $1,900 savings on average, per patient. 
Issues covered:  
High Blood Pressure 
Personal Health 
Length: 9:59 
Honora Englander, MD, Associate Professor of Medicine in the Oregon Health & Science University 
School of Medicine 
Opioid abuse and overdoses are rising rapidly, in the wake of COVID-19 lockdowns.  Dr. Englander 
studied 486 patients who entered an in-hospital addiction medicine intervention at OHSU, and found 
that three-quarters came into the hospital using more than one substance. She said medical personnel 
must be ready to offer additional support to patients using multiple drugs.  She said participants in 
general abused fewer substances in the months after working with the hospital-based addictions team 
than before. 
Issues covered: 
Drug Addiction 
Length: 7:12 
10 
Dennis E. Reidy, PhD, Clinical Neuropsychologist, Behavioral Scientist in the Division of Violence 
Prevention at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta 
Stalking is a widely recognized public health concern, yet little information is available about stalking 
behaviors among teenage victims. Dr. Reidy led a study that determined that found that 14% of girls 
and 13% of boys have been victims of stalking. In addition, the survey found that the stalked teens 
were more likely to report symptoms linked to depression, as well as risky behavior such as binge 
drinking, drug abuse, dating violence and sexting. 
Issues covered: 
Stalking 
Youth at Risk 
Mental Health 
Length: 5:07 
© 2020 Syndication Networks Corp.  All Rights Reserved.
Affiliate Relations: 847-583-9000   email: info@syndication.net
11 
