Weekly Public Affairs Program 
Call Letters: WDDD-FM, WHET-FM, 
WVZA-FM, WTAO-FM, WFRX-AM
Weekly Time: 5:30 AM 
QUARTERLY ISSUES REPORT,  JULY-SEPTEMBER, 2019 
Show # 2019-27 
Date aired:  Sunday, July 7, 2019
Martin Gibala, PhD, Professor and Chair of the Department of Kinesiology, McMaster University in 
Ontario 
Dr. Gibala led a study that found that a single minute of very intense exercise produces health benefits 
similar to longer, traditional endurance training. He recommends the plan for occasionally busy days, 
not as a permanent substitute for longer and more moderate workouts. He said the findings put to rest 
the common excuse for not getting in shape: there is not enough time. 
Issues covered: 
Personal Health 
Length: 8:52 
Chris Melde, PhD, Associate Professor and Director of Graduate Studies, School of Criminal Justice 
at Michigan State University 
Dr. Melde was the co-author of a study of street gang membership.  He found that depression and 
suicidal thoughts or attempts are common among youth who join gangs. He outlined the reasons that 
many troubled teens join gangs and why gang life causes already significant problems in their lives to 
become even worse. 
Issues covered: 
Youth at Risk 
Mental Health 
Crime 
Length: 8:24 
Matthias Hollwich, internationally-recognized architect, author of “New Aging: Live Smarter Now to 
Live Better Forever” 
Mr. Hollwich discussed ways that homes and communities can be redesigned to make aging a 
graceful and fulfilling aspect of life.  He discussed changes to specific rooms, to help seniors stay 
safely in their homes for as long as possible. 
Issues covered:  
Home Safety 
Retirement Planning 
Senior Citizens 
Length: 4:55 
1 
Show # 2019-28 
Date aired:  Sunday, July 14, 2019  
Claire Nee, PhD, Director of the International Centre for Research in Forensic Psychology, University 
of Portsmouth, UK 
Prof. Nee led an international study of the behavior of burglars.  She discussed the surprising degree 
of knowledge and skill of experienced thieves in choosing which home to target, how to navigate 
inside and what to take.  She offered crime prevention suggestions to make a home less vulnerable to 
burglary. 
Issues covered: 
Crime Prevention 
Length: 9:15 
Raafi-Karim Alidina, expert in building equality, diversity and inclusive cultures in organizations, co-
author of "Building an Inclusive Organization: Leveraging the Power of a Diverse Workforce" 
Mr. Aldina said in the world of business, diversity is often given lip service, if it receives any attention 
at all.  He explained why diversity and inclusion is crucial to the survival of companies.  He outlined 
steps that business leaders can take to make themselves and their companies more inclusive. 
Issues covered:  
Discrimination 
Workplace Matters 
Length: 8:04 
Chick Moorman, educator, co-author of “The 10 Commitments: Parenting with Purpose” 
Mr. Moorman talked about the verbal skills that parents should have to raise responsible and confident 
children.  He offered tips on how parents can discipline their children in positive ways to create a 
culture of accountability. 
Issues covered:  
Parenting Issues 
Education 
Family 
Length: 4:49 
Show # 2019-29 
Date aired:  Sunday, July 21, 2019 
Bart de Langhe, PhD, Assistant Professor of Marketing, Leeds School of Business at the University 
of Colorado, Boulder 
Many consumers pour through online product reviews before making a purchase.  But Dr. de Langhe 
led a study that found that there is little correlation between better online user ratings and the quality of 
a product. He explained why consumer opinions often fail to agree with objective product research by 
consumer organizations. 
Issues covered: 
Consumer Matters 
Length: 8:06 
2 
W. David Brown, PhD, DABSM, CBSM, Sleep Psychologist at Children's Medical Center, Dallas, co-
author of “Sleeping Your Way to the Top: How to Get the Sleep You Need to Succeed”
Many Americans believe that less sleep equals more productivity. But Dr. Brown said that sufficient 
sleep and success go hand in hand. He discussed the latest clinically proven techniques for getting 
quality rest, achieving maximum productivity, and overcoming common sleep impediments to enhance 
workplace performance. 
Issues covered: 
Personal Health 
Career 
Length: 9:01 
Judith Prochaska, PhD, MPH, Associate Professor of Medicine, Stanford University School of 
Medicine 
Dr. Prochaska was the lead author of a study comparing employment in smokers and nonsmokers.  
She found that after 12 months, smokers were less likely to have found a job than nonsmokers, and 
those who did earned less than nonsmokers. She explained the reasons that employers may be wary 
of hiring smokers and how they sometimes screen them out in the hiring process. 
Issues covered:  
Unemployment 
Personal Health 
Length: 5:03 
Show # 2019-30 
Date aired:  Sunday, July 28, 2019 
Tyler J. VanderWeele, PhD, Professor of Epidemiology, T.H. Chan School of Public Health, Harvard 
University 
Those who attend church services on a regular basic may receive more than just spiritual benefits—
they may live longer.  Dr. VanderWeele led a study that found that women who went to church more 
than once a week had a 33% lower risk of dying, compared to those who never went. He talked about 
the potential reasons behind the finding. He said it is conceivable in the future that doctors routinely 
ask about church attendance during medical checkups. 
Issues covered: 
Personal Health 
Religion 
Length: 8:48 
Kostadin Kushlev, PhD, psychology research scientist, University of Virginia 
Smartphones have become part of everyday life. Dr. Kushlev led a study that found that the 
increasingly pervasive use of digital technology may be causing ADHD-like symptoms even among the 
general population.  He explained why being separated from a smartphone may cause people to 
experience distraction, difficulty focusing and getting bored easily when trying to focus. 
Issues covered:  
Mental Health 
Consumer Matters 
Length: 8:27 
3 
Carl Cotman, PhD, Professor of Neurology and Neurobiology, Director of the Institute for Brain Aging 
and Dementia, University of California, Irvine 
Dr. Cotman explained the results of new research into brain health for seniors.  The study found that 
eating almonds, engaging in exercise and participating in brain-stimulating activities can keep aging 
brain cells in shape.  This may delay or prevent Alzheimer’s Disease.   
Issues covered:  
Alzheimer’s’ Disease 
Health Issues 
Senior Issues 
Length: 4:56 
Show # 2019-31 
Date aired:  Sunday, August 4, 2019 
Alisa Divine, domestic abuse survivor, author of “#She Wins: Harrowing Stories from Women Who 
Survived Domestic Abuse” 
Ms. Divine said that domestic and sexual abuse is a huge problem but often the victims get little help.  
She explained why it is so important to shed light on the issue and educate the public about the 
warning signs.  She also explained why leaving an abusive situation is the most dangerous time for 
the victim, and how victims can find help. 
Issues covered: 
Domestic Abuse 
Women’s Issues 
Length: 9:05 
Matt Fellowes, founder and CEO of United Income, a retirement-focused online investment 
management and financial planning company based in Washington, D.C. 
Mr. Fellowes co-authored a report that found that only 4% of retirees sign up for Social Security at the 
most profitable time.  He said this single mistake costs the typical American household an average of 
$111,000 in lost retirement income. He said that most people should claim Social Security later than 
they typically do, but he recommends seeking professional advice. 
Issues covered:  
Retirement Planning 
Personal Finance 
Government Programs 
Length: 8:12 
Jason Forman, PhD, Principal Scientist at the Center for Applied Biomechanics at the University of 
Virginia 
Dr. Forman led a study that concluded that women are 73 percent more likely to be injured in a car 
accident than men. Older people were also at greater risk of injury. He talked about the likely reasons 
behind this trend.  He also said that all car occupants are now more than half as likely to sustain 
serious injuries in cars less than ten years old than in older cars. 
Issues covered:  
Traffic Safety 
Women’s Issues 
Senior Citizens 
Length: 5:03 
4 
Show # 2019-32 
Date aired:  Sunday, August 11, 2019 
Charee Thompson, PhD, Assistant Professor of Communication Studies at Ohio University 
Dr. Thompson was the co-author of a study of college students, drinking and social media. She 
discovered that having an "alcohol identity" puts college students at greater risk of having drinking 
problems.  Her study also found that posting about alcohol use on social media sites is actually a 
stronger predictor of alcohol problems than having a drink. She discussed possible strategies to 
reduce alcohol abuse on college campuses. 
Issues covered: 
Substance Abuse 
Education 
Social Media 
Length: 6:52 
Iris Bohnet, PhD, Professor of Public Policy, Behavioral Economist at Harvard University, Director of 
the Women and Public Policy Program, Co-Chair of the Behavioral Insights Group at the Kennedy 
School of Government, author of “What Works: Gender Equality by Design”  
Dr. Bohnet discussed gender equality in the workplace and why it’s good business. She explained why 
diversity training programs have had limited success.  She outlined the latest research into quick and 
often inexpensive ways that companies can address gender bias and improve performance.  
Issues covered:  
Gender Equality 
Women’s Issues 
Workplace Matters 
Length: 10:17 
Matthew J. Quade, PhD, Assistant Professor in the Department of Management at the Hankamer 
School of Business, Baylor University  
Unethical behaviors by employees can tarnish an organization’s reputation, lead to considerable 
monetary losses, and even result in legal prosecutions.  Dr. Quade led a study that found that, in many 
cases, employees will tolerate misdeeds from a coworker who has the reputation of being a high 
performer.  He believes companies need to examine how they prioritize performance over ethics. 
Issues covered:  
Ethics 
Workplace Matters 
Length: 4:56 
Show # 2019-33 
Date aired:  Sunday, August 18, 2019 
Susan Frankel, Executive Director at National Runaway Safeline 
Ms. Frankel discussed the increasing problem of runaway and homeless teenagers.  She said 1 out of 
30 youth ages 13-17 experience homelessness at some point each year, 4.2 million in all. She 
explained the reasons that young people leave and how they survive on the streets. She outlined the 
services that her organization offers to help. 
Issues covered: 
Youth at Risk 
Homelessness 
Parenting 
Length: 9:40 
5 
William Chopik, PhD, Associate Professor of Psychology at Michigan State University 
Prof. Chopik led a study that examined biases toward people with disabilities. He said bias toward 
people with disabilities is quite common, but few will acknowledge it.  He talked about the 
demographic groups who are most likely to be prejudiced towards the disabled, and how the problem 
can be addressed. 
Issues covered: 
Disabilities 
Discrimination 
Length: 7:37 
Julius McGee, PhD, Assistant Professor of Sociology in the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences at 
Portland State University 
Efforts to replace fossil fuels with renewable energy sources can help lower carbon emissions. 
However, Prof. McGee led a recent study that found that renewable energy increases “energy 
inequality” for lower-income Americans because it costs more than energy produced by oil, coal and 
natural gas. 
Issues covered:  
Renewable Energy 
Poverty 
Government Policies 
Length: 4:53 
Show # 2019-34 
Date aired:  Sunday, August 25, 2019 
Will McCallum, Head of Oceans at Greenpeace UK, author of “How to Give Up Plastic: A Guide to 
Changing the World, One Plastic Bottle at a Time” 
Humans produce over 300 million tons of plastic each year, with 12.7 million tons ending up in our 
oceans. Mr. McCallum discussed the major impact that plastic and microplastic waste has on marine 
life and the environment. He said it is not possible to recycle all of the plastics used in our everyday 
lives. He outlined small changes that anyone can make to reduce the amount of plastic waste in their 
home or community. 
Issues covered: 
Pollution 
Recycling 
Consumer Matters 
Length: 9:40 
Joanne Lara, M.A., autism expert, former special education teacher, Executive Director of the 
organization “Autism Works Now” 
Up to 85 percent of autistic adults are either unemployed or underemployed.  Ms. Lara’s organization 
teaches pre-employment and workplace readiness skills to young adults with autism.  She outlined the 
challenges faced by autistic students, and she explained the role that parents, schools and employers 
play in helping them to secure meaningful employment. 
Issues covered: 
Autism 
Employment  
Discrimination 
Length: 7:37 
6 
Joseph Palamar, PhD, Associate Professor in the Department of Population Health at the NYU 
School of Medicine 
Prof. Palamar led a study that found that teenagers are more likely to experiment with recreational 
drugs such as LSD, marijuana, cocaine or ecstasy for the first time during the summer months.  He 
said that the amount of free time on their hands once the school year ends and activities like music 
festivals are major factors in this risky behavior.  He said parents should educate and warn their kids 
about using recreational drugs, their risks and side effects. 
Issues covered:  
Drug Abuse 
Youth at Risk 
Length: 4:53 
Show # 2019-35 
Date aired:  Sunday, September 1, 2019 
Leslie Stahl, longtime reporter for 60 Minutes, author of “Becoming Grandma: The Joys and Science 
of the New Grandparenting” 
Ms. Stahl discussed the profound changes and emotions experienced when someone becomes a 
grandparent.  She talked about the physiological changes that occur in women when they have 
grandchildren, and the therapeutic effects of grandchildren on both grandmothers and grandfathers. 
She also explained how heartbreakingly common it is for grandparents to be denied access to their 
grandchildren. 
Issues covered: 
Family Matters 
Senior Citizens 
Length: 9:15 
Kevin Kelly, co-founder and former executive editor of Wired magazine, author of “The Inevitable: 
Understanding the 12 Technological Forces That Will Shape Our Future” 
Mr. Kelly discussed twelve technological imperatives that he believes will shape the next thirty years 
and transform our lives. He is optimistic about innovations, from virtual reality in the home to an on-
demand economy to artificial intelligence embedded in everything we manufacture. He offered advice 
to young people who are plotting educational and career paths in a rapidly-changing tech 
environment. 
Issues covered: 
Technology 
Education 
Privacy  
Career 
Length: 7:55 
Edward G. Brown, author of “The Time Bandit Solution: Recovering Stolen Time You Never Knew 
You Had” 
According to Mr. Brown, 40 to 60% of time at work is squandered by time bandits—co-workers who 
demand precious time without thinking.  He offered suggestions on how to negotiate with time bandits 
to prevent unwanted, unnecessary and unproductive interruptions. 
Issues covered:  
Workplace Matters 
Productivity 
Length: 5:04 
7 
Show # 2019-36 
Date aired:  Sunday, September 8, 2019 
Emily Oster, PhD, Professor of Economics at Brown University, author of “Cribsheet: A Data-Driven 
Guide to Better, More Relaxed Parenting, from Birth to Preschool” 
An abundance of often-conflicting advice is usually hurled at new parents from doctors, family, friends, 
and strangers on the internet.  Dr. Oster examined some of this standard advice, compared it to 
scientific research and found that the conventional wisdom is often wrong. She offered advice to help 
new moms and dads to be better and more relaxed parents. 
Issues covered: 
Parenting 
Length: 7:31 
Roy Ramthun, M.A., Founder and President of HSA Consulting Services and the web site 
AskMrHSA.com 
Mr. Ramthun discussed the merits of Health Savings Accounts and how they compare to traditional 
insurance.  He said more Americans should be willing to ask what a medical procedure or medication 
costs, then shop around to be sure they are not overpaying.  He explained how to search for an HSA 
insurance policy and its companion savings account. 
Issues covered:  
Healthcare 
Consumer Matters 
Length: 9:46 
Joel E. Segel, PhD, Assistant Professor of Health Policy and Administration at Penn State University 
The devastating consequences of the opioid crisis are far-reaching in the United States.  
Prof. Segel was a co-author of a study that examined the costs to society in general and to state and 
local budgets in particular. He said the most significant impact to taxpayers was treatment costs borne 
by the Medicare programs run by states, and lost tax revenue from people who exited the workforce 
because of addictions. 
Issues covered:  
Government Spending 
Drug Abuse 
Medicare 
Length: 5:02 
Show # 2019-37 
Date aired:  Sunday, September 15, 2019 
Frank Abagnale, former professional imposter, fraud prevention expert, consultant and lecturer for the 
FBI academy and field offices, author of “Scam Me If You Can: Simple Strategies to Outsmart Today's 
Rip-off Artists” 
Mr. Abagnale discussed the most common scams targeting American consumers.  He said scams 
themselves have changed very little through the years, but the technology used to target victims has 
improved dramatically.  He said millennials are scammed more often than seniors, but seniors typically 
lose more money.  He offered advice for consumers to protect themselves from scammers. 
Issues covered: 
Crime 
Identity Theft 
Consumer Matters 
Length: 9:07 
8 
Amy Serin, PhD, neuropsychologist, author of “The Stress Switch: The Truth About Stress and How 
to Short-Circuit It” 
Dr. Serin discussed the increasing levels of stress in today’s everyday life, and the most common 
causes of it.  She said excessive use of social media can trigger insecurities and depression. She said 
most of the time, people aren’t even aware that they are stressed. She outlined steps to take for stress 
relief. 
Issues covered: 
Mental Health 
Length: 8:04 
Hank Green, YouTube star and STEM education proponent 
Jobs related to STEM – science, technology, engineering and mathematics – are expected to continue 
growing, but the United States doesn’t have enough workers with the skills to fill those roles.  Mr. 
Green explained why STEM skills are so important for the future workforce, and how parents can 
encourage their youngsters to pursue STEM careers. 
Issues covered:  
Education 
Employment 
Parenting 
Length: 5:02 
Show # 2019-38 
Date aired:  Sunday, September 22, 2019 
Maria Russo, Children’s Books Editor of the New York Times Book Review, co-author of “How to 
Raise A Reader” 
Ms. Russo explained the importance of child literacy, and the steps parents can take to raise a reader 
in an age when screens are competing for a child’s attention.  She said any form of book is fine, 
including audio books, graphic novels and comic books. She explained why it is important to begin 
reading to children at the youngest age possible, and offered ideas on how to engage a reluctant 
reader. 
Issues covered: 
Literacy 
Parenting 
Education 
Length: 9:22 
Barbara Hemphill, founder of The Productive Environment Institute, former President of the National 
Association of Productivity & Organizing Professionals, author of the “Taming the Paper Tiger” book 
series by Kiplinger’s, and the more recent book is “Less Clutter, More Life.” 
A recent study found that business owners, executives and entrepreneurs waste 21.8 hours a week on 
everything from internet surfing to useless meetings.  Ms. Hemphill said the biggest productivity black 
hole for anyone is e-mail.  She outlined the reasons that people lose focus at work and steps they can 
take to be less distracted. 
Issues covered:  
Workplace Matters 
Productivity 
Length: 8:01 
9 
Rebecca Bigler, PhD, Professor Emeritx at the University of Texas at Austin 
Prof. Bigler was part of a team of researchers that sought to learn more about the political 
development of the nation's children. The study found that children demonstrated a surprisingly high 
level of interest in and knowledge about the most recent presidential election and candidates, but 
many had gaps in their knowledge.  She offered advice for parents to help their children learn more 
about civics and the election process, particularly heading into the next presidential election. 
Issues covered:  
Civics and Citizenship 
Parenting 
Length: 5:11 
Show # 2019-39 
Date aired:  Sunday, September 29, 2019 
Caitlin M. Zaloom, PhD, Associate Professor of Social and Cultural Analysis at New York University 
The average annual price tag for attending a private, four-year American college is now nearly 
$50,000. Prof. Zaloom led a study that found that paying for college is taking a toll on middle-class 
families in ways that are more profound and less appreciated than even the financial cost conveys.  
She said that shouldering the weight of paying for college is often seen by parents as a moral 
obligation to their children. 
Issues covered: 
Education 
Personal Finance 
Parenting 
Length: 9:34 
Bridget Freisthler, PhD, Professor of Social Work at Ohio State University 
54 percent of adults who use marijuana in the United States are parents.  Prof. Freisthler led a study 
that found that parents who use marijuana utilize more discipline techniques on their children on 
average than non-users, ranging from timeouts to, in some cases, physical abuse.  She found that the 
same was true of alcohol users. She said that with the growing acceptance of marijuana in American 
society, users need to be aware that the drug affects numerous forms of behavior, including parenting. 
Issues covered:  
Substance Abuse 
Child Abuse 
Parenting 
Length: 7:30 
Tracy McCubbin, author of “Making Space, Clutter Free: The Last Book on Decluttering You'll Ever 
Need” 
Ms. McCubbin talked about the value of teaching organization skills to children during back to school 
time.  She offered numerous tips for parents to clear the clutter as kids start the new school year, 
including how to decide what to donate or discard, and the importance of an organized desk. 
Issues covered:  
Parenting 
Education 
Length: 5:07 
© 2019 Syndication Networks Corp.  All Rights Reserved.
Affiliate Relations: 847-583-9000   email: info@syndication.net
10 
