McVey Entertainment Group, LLC 
KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
2575 Snake River Avenue, Lewiston ID  83501 
 
Programming Quarterly Report 
1st Quarter 2019 (Jan 1 -March 30) 
 
PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Stations:  KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
Aired:  Daily for the entire quarter 
Needs addressed:  education, entertainment, public health, assistance, etc.  
Description:  Public Service Announcements are updated daily and read live by DJs on KOZE FM and KHTR HD-3 
and recorded on KOZE AM, where they air 8 to 11 times a day, M-Su every day of the year.  PSAs are accepted 
from community nonprofit groups and events via email, USPS and walk-ins.  McVey Entertainment Group has a 
list of 12 PSAs each day that are rotated equally.  Topics cover community events, fund raisers, meetings, 
opportunities, education, assistance and others.  A sample PSA list from one day this quarter is included in this 
document, along with a small sample of the flyers submitted by organizations requesting PSA time/mentions. 
 
COMMUNITY SPOTLIGHT 
Stations:  KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
Aired:  4 times daily for the entire quarter (12a-12a) 
Needs addressed:  education, public health, assistance 
Description:  Community Spotlights are :90 second features that highlight nonprofit groups in our community 
and how those groups serve and fill needs of members of our community.  They are designed to let the public 
know how to get in touch with each group should they need (or know someone who needs) the services and 
assistance each group provides. 
Community Spotlight Programs for this reporting period were the following, which each ran once per day (12a-
12a) on each station: 
Lewis-Clark State College Food Pantry 
• 
•  Young Life (Youth Group Program) 
•  Homes of Hope (Foster Care Training & Assistance) 
•  City of Lewiston Senior Nutrition (meal deliveries and weekly lunch buffet for seniors) 
•  Opportunities Unlimited (educating the public about community members with disabilities) 
• 
•  Green Apple Project (autism awareness group) 
Idaho Boating Safety (tips and info from ISP) 
 
SOUPPORT OUR SHELTER 
Stations:  KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
Aired:  5 times daily Jan 25- Feb 15, 2019 (6a-mid) 
Needs addressed:  homelessness, domestic violence protection 
Description:  :30 second radio announcements and live reads informing the community that the YWCA is open to 
women and children in need.  :30 second announcements mainly addressed a one-day promotion on February 
16, when the YWCA sells bowls of soup in a custom painted bowl for $25 or a larger donation… all proceeds 
benefitted the YWCA in Lewiston.      
 
LEWISTON CIVIC THEATRE 
Stations:  KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
Aired:  Jan-March (6a-mid) 40x each week 
Needs addressed:  entertainment, local non-profit theatre group fundraiser 
Description:  Radio announcements promoting an annual benefit show in March, 2019.  KOZE is a media sponsor 
for the event.   
 
IN-STUDIO GUESTS  
Stations:  KOZE FM 
Aired:  Feb 5, 2019 8 to 8:30am 
Guest:  Hannah Liedkie, Opportunities Unlimited Inc. 
The president of a local non-profit called Opportunities Unlimited was in the studio to talk about what they do 
for people in our community with special needs. She talked about the following: 
Jobs offered to local people with special needs  
• 
•  Services that "OUI" offers the public. (Shredding, custom furniture, etc.) 
•  The thrift store at their facility. 
 
Stations:  KOZE FM 
Aired:  March 3, 2019 8 to 8:30am 
Guest:   Mike Johnson, Salvation Army 
Mike was in studio to talk about their potato bar fundraiser and the many assistance programs they have for 
both children and adults in the community.   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
