McVey Entertainment Group, LLC 
KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
2575 Snake River Avenue, Lewiston ID  83501 
 
Programming Quarterly Report 
4th Quarter 2019 (Oct 1 to Dec 31) 
 
 
 
PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Stations:  KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
Aired:  Daily for the entire quarter 
Needs addressed:  education, entertainment, public health, assistance, etc.  
Description:  Public Service Announcements are updated daily and read live by DJs on KOZE FM and KHTR HD-3 
and recorded on KOZE AM, where they air 8 to 11 times a day, M-Su every day of the year.  PSAs are accepted 
from community nonprofit groups and events via email, USPS and walk-ins.  McVey Entertainment Group has a 
list of 12 PSAs each day that are rotated equally.  Topics cover community events, fund raisers, meetings, 
opportunities, education, assistance and others.   A sample PSA list from one day this quarter is attached to this 
document. 
 
COMMUNITY SPOTLIGHT 
Stations:  KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
Aired:  Daily for the entire quarter 
Needs addressed:  education, public health, assistance 
Description:  Community Spotlights are :90 second features that highlight nonprofit groups in our community 
and how those groups serve and fill needs of members of our community.  They are designed to let the public 
know how to get in touch with each group should they need (or know someone who needs) the services and 
assistance each group provides. 
Community Spotlight Programs for this reporting period were the following, which each ran once per day (12a-
12a) on each station: 
Lewis-Clark State College Food Pantry 
• 
•  Young Life (Youth Group Program) 
•  Homes of Hope (Foster Care Training & Assistance) 
•  City of Lewiston Senior Nutrition (meal deliveries and weekly lunch buffet for seniors) 
•  Opportunities Unlimited (educating the public about community members with disabilities) 
•  Community Action Partnership (food and energy assistance availability) 
• 
LC Crew (a group of local citizens who help the community in MANY ways by volunteering) 
 
 
SNAKE RIVER GAZETTE 
Stations:  KOZE AM 
Aired:  Every Sunday @ 10:00am for the entire quarter 
Needs addressed:  education, entertainment 
Description:  The Snake River Gazette is a 30-minute weekly broadcast that airs Sundays at 10am.  Designed to 
entertain and educate the community about local historical events and people.     
 
 
BACKPACKS FOR KIDS 
Stations:  KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
Aired:  Daily for the entire quarter 
Needs addressed:  food assistance for children & their families 
Description:  Radio announcements asking community members to donate to a “Backpacks for Kids” program in 
either Lewiston, ID or Clarkston, WA.  Backpack programs fill backpacks on Friday for kids in need so they have 
food over the weekend, when they do not get meals at school.       
 
 
FEED THE NEED 
Stations:  KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
Aired:  Daily from November 1 to December 31 
Needs addressed:  food assistance  
Description:  Radio announcements asking community members to donate to the Idaho Foodbank during the 
holiday season.  McVey Entertainment Group also had a drop-box at the studio to collect food donations.   
 
 
 
IN-STUDIO GUESTS 
Stations:  KOZE FM 
Aired:  October 25, 2019 8 to 8:30am 
Guest:  Laura Lumley, Idaho Foodbank 
Needs addressed:  food assistance  
Laura was a guest in the KOZE FM studio to talk about efforts by the Idaho Foodbank to help local families in 
need and to solicit cash donations from the public.  The Idaho Foodbank can provide 6 meals with every dollar 
donated. 
 
Stations:  KOZE FM 
Aired:  December 11, 2019 8:30 to 8:45am 
Guest:  Chuck from Highwaymen Motorcycle Club 
Needs addressed:  childhood poverty  
Gave information about the upcoming “Toy Ride”.  The Highwaymen (300+ motorcycles) deliver toys to the 
Salvation Army and do a huge parade through Clarkston, WA and Lewiston, ID.  KOZE FM follows the ride in the 
station vehicle and also donates toys at the drop location at the end of the ride. 
 
 
 
PSA LIST FOR TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 2019 
Don’t miss the lighted boat parade Saturday December 21st at 6:00. Pre-
register at Riverview Marina on Snake River Ave. They’ll assist in 
decorating boats in their parking lot starting at 10:00.  Boats will launch 
at Hells Gate, head towards Asotin, then pilot to the blue bridge on the 
Washington side, and return down the Idaho side.  Bring the family to cheer 
them on. The River 103.9 will play a Holiday soundtrack and broadcast live 
during the parade. Last year the turnout of boats was amazing, and they 
expect even more this year! Call Riverview Maria with any questions at 208 
746-1412. (12/21) 
The first half of Nez Perce County property taxes is due December 
20th.  Taxpayers should include a payment stub or parcel number with their 
payment and mailed payments must have a postmark on or before the due date 
to avoid late charges and interest. Taxes may be paid at the treasurer’s 
office located in the county courthouse at 1230 Main Street in Lewiston or 
by mail to P.O. Box 896, Lewiston. Payments may be made by credit card at 
the treasurer’s office, by calling a toll-free number, or doing so online. 
For more information call the Nez Perce County Treasurer’s office at (208) 
799-3030. (Dec 20) 
 
The LCSC Warrior Women’s basketball team is back in action at the Activity 
Center Thursday evening.  They face Walla Walla at 5:30 on AM 950 KOZE and 
koze.com. (12/12) 
                                                                       The 
Highwayman’s Toy Run is coming up Saturday. The ride starts at Lancer Lanes 
on Bridge Street and ends at the Salvation Army on 21st Street in Lewiston.  
If you’d like to donate a new, unwrapped toy, drop off locations are located 
around the Valley.  All riders are welcome, with kickstands going up at 
1:00. All the toys and cash donations support the Salvation Army’s Christmas 
Angels, and everything stays local.  Please have patience during the ride 
and help us keep them safe.  (12/14)                                                                               
 
The Warrior Athletic Association doing a fundraiser with Park Hopper tickets 
for Disneyland. All proceeds help to fund athletic programs at Lewis-Clark 
State. The Disneyland and California Adventure tickets are good until July 
of 2021. The winner will be announced January 25th at a home basketball game. 
Find out how to enter by calling Allison Beck at 208-792-2492. (Jan 25) 
 
The 9th Annual Wine, Whiskers, and Wags fundraiser for the Lewis-Clark 
Animal Shelter happens Friday, February 28th at the Lewiston Elks 
Lodge.  The theme is "Roaring for the Rescues" as attendees are encouraged 
to wear 1920s attire to help homeless and rescued pets.  Local wines and 
brews will be featured, as will culinary tastes of the LC Valley.  The event 
includes silent and live auctions, raffle boards, and a wine draw.  Tickets 
are 50 dollars each and are available online at lcshelter.org/events. (2/28) 
                                                                                                                                      
The Second District CASA Program is seeking volunteers to serve as court-
appointed advocates for children going through the child protective system. 
Applicants must be 21 or over and be able to pass a state background check, 
and the program provides free comprehensive training.  For more information, 
please call the CASA Program at (208) 746-3378. (TFN) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
