McVey Entertainment Group, LLC 
KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
2575 Snake River Avenue, Lewiston ID  83501 
 
Programming Quarterly Report 
2nd Quarter 2020 (Apr-Jun) 
PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Stations:  KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
Aired:  Daily for the entire quarter 
Needs addressed:  education, entertainment, public health, assistance, etc.  
Description:  Public Service Announcements are updated daily and read live by DJs on KOZE FM and 
KHTR HD-3 and recorded on KOZE AM, where they air 8 to 11 times a day, M-Su every day of the 
year.  PSAs are accepted from community nonprofit groups and events via email, USPS and walk-ins.  
McVey Entertainment Group has a list of 12 PSAs each day that are rotated equally.  Topics cover 
community events, fund raisers, meetings, opportunities, education, assistance and others.   A sample 
PSA list from one day this quarter is attached to this document. 
 
COMMUNITY SPOTLIGHT 
Stations:  KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
Aired:  Daily for the entire quarter 
Needs addressed:  education, public health, assistance 
Description:  Community Spotlights are :90 second features that highlight nonprofit groups in our 
community and how those groups serve and fill needs of members of our community.  They are 
designed to let the public know how to get in touch with each group should they need (or know 
someone who needs) the services and assistance each group provides. 
Community Spotlight Programs for this reporting period were the following, which each ran once per 
day (12a-12a) on each station: 
•  Lewis-Clark State College Food Pantry 
•  Young Life (Youth Group Program) 
•  Homes of Hope (Foster Care Training & Assistance) 
•  City of Lewiston Senior Nutrition (meal deliveries and weekly lunch buffet for seniors) 
•  Opportunities Unlimited (educating the public about community members with disabilities) 
•  Community Action Partnership (food and energy assistance availability) 
•  LC Crew (a group of local citizens who help the community in MANY ways by volunteering) 
 
COVID 19 
Stations: KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR 103.9 
Aired: 5x daily on all stations in April & May 
Needs Addressed: Public Health  
Description: Safety tips, directions on how to help stop the spread of the disease, hand 
washing, social distancing etc. 
 
PROJECT FILTER  
Stations:  KOZE AM/KOZE FM /KHTR 103.9 
Aired: Daily for entire quarter 
Needs addressed: Smoking Cessation, Public Service 
Description: A 30 or 60 second spot regarding smoking cessation and the dangers of smoking, ran 3x a 
day on all stations. 
 
SNAKE RIVER GAZETTE 
Stations:  KOZE AM 
Aired:  Every Sunday @ 10:00am for the entire quarter 
Needs addressed:  education, entertainment 
Description:  The Snake River Gazette is a 30-minute weekly broadcast that airs Sundays at 10am.  
Designed to entertain and educate the community about local historical events and people.     
 
FREE LUNCHES DELIVERED TO BUS STOPS 
Stations:  KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
Aired:  April-Jun 
Needs addressed:  food assistance for children & their families 
Description: We ran an info campaign explaining how free bag lunches were being delivered to bus 
stops in the community every day.  The message changed to free grab and go lunches at 3 schools in 
the community once school was officially out and bus drivers were no longer working.  
 
LEWISTON HIGH SCHOOL GRADUTION, May 30 
 
KOZE produced a 30-minute Lewiston High School Graduation piece with speeches from 
valedictorians, salutatorians, student body leaders, teachers, the principal, and the Lewiston 
School District superintendent. This was played at 2:30 PM on AM 950 KOZE during the "LHS 
Parade Of Graduates."   After the graduation ceremony, KOZE AM broadcast all 345 
graduates' names.  The entire broadcast ran from 2:30 to - 5:30 PM.  
 
 
IN-STUDIO GUESTS 
 
April 20, 2020 
8:00 AM 
Lewiston Firefighters were in the studio to promote their new "virtual fire station tours," Covid-
19 has stopped in-person visits... so they will provide FacebookLive Tours each Tuesday. 
This aired on KOZE AM and KOZE FM 
 
May 29, 2020 
In-studio interview with the owners of Stomping Grounds Coffee.  Their fundraiser raised 
money for a local non-profit called the Reliance Center which gives young people help with 
pregnancy, contraceptives, etc.  
The audio was run on KOZE AM and KOZE FM 
 
June 2, 2020 
Talked to Lewiston Police Department about the Black Lives Matter Rally on June 6th at 
Pioneer Park. We discussed safety concerns with the "Protect The Valley" groups mixed with 
the BLM groups. This audio was aired on KOZE AM and KOZE FM 
 
 June 19, 2020 
Dr. Parkey did a 30-minute phone interview discussing the new details of Covid-19, how to 
stay safe as public places open, medical advancements and possible vaccines, etc. The audio 
was used on KOZE AM and KOZE FM 
 
  
 
 
