McVey Entertainment Group, LLC 
KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
2575 Snake River Avenue, Lewiston ID  83501 
 
Programming Quarterly Report 
1st Quarter 2020 (Jan-March) 
PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Stations:  KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
Aired:  Daily for the entire quarter 
Needs addressed:  education, entertainment, public health, assistance, etc.  
Description:  Public Service Announcements are updated daily and read live by DJs on KOZE FM and 
KHTR HD-3 and recorded on KOZE AM, where they air 8 to 11 times a day, M-Su every day of the 
year.  PSAs are accepted from community nonprofit groups and events via email, USPS and walk-ins.  
McVey Entertainment Group has a list of 12 PSAs each day that are rotated equally.  Topics cover 
community events, fund raisers, meetings, opportunities, education, assistance and others.   A sample 
PSA list from one day this quarter is attached to this document. 
 
COMMUNITY SPOTLIGHT 
Stations:  KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
Aired:  Daily for the entire quarter 
Needs addressed:  education, public health, assistance 
Description:  Community Spotlights are :90 second features that highlight nonprofit groups in our 
community and how those groups serve and fill needs of members of our community.  They are 
designed to let the public know how to get in touch with each group should they need (or know 
someone who needs) the services and assistance each group provides. 
Community Spotlight Programs for this reporting period were the following, which each ran once per 
day (12a-12a) on each station: 
•  Lewis-Clark State College Food Pantry 
•  Young Life (Youth Group Program) 
•  Homes of Hope (Foster Care Training & Assistance) 
•  City of Lewiston Senior Nutrition (meal deliveries and weekly lunch buffet for seniors) 
•  Opportunities Unlimited (educating the public about community members with disabilities) 
•  Community Action Partnership (food and energy assistance availability) 
•  LC Crew (a group of local citizens who help the community in MANY ways by volunteering) 
 
PROJECT FILTER  
Stations:  KOZE AM/KOZE FM /KHTR 103.9 
Aired: Daily for entire quarter 
Needs addressed: Smoking Cessation, Public Service 
Description: A 30 or 60 second spot regarding smoking cessation and the dangers of smoking, ran 3x a 
day (24 hrs) on all stations. 
 
COVID 19 
Stations: KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR 103.9 
Aired: 5x daily on all stations March 10-31, 2020 
Needs Addressed: Public Health  
Description: Safety tips, directions on how to help stop the spread of the disease, hand 
washing, social distancing etc. 
 
 
SNAKE RIVER GAZETTE 
Stations:  KOZE AM 
Aired:  Every Sunday @ 10:00am for the entire quarter 
Needs addressed:  education, entertainment 
Description:  The Snake River Gazette is a 30-minute weekly broadcast that airs Sundays at 10am.  
Designed to entertain and educate the community about local historical events and people.     
 
BACKPACKS FOR KIDS 
Stations:  KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
Aired:  February 1 – March 10 
Needs addressed:  food assistance for children & their families 
Description:  Radio announcements asking community members to donate to a “Backpacks for Kids” 
program in either Lewiston, ID or Clarkston, WA.  Backpack programs fill backpacks on Friday for kids 
in need so they have food over the weekend, when they do not get meals at school.       
 
FREE MEALS FOR KIDS DURING SCHOOL SHUTDOWN 
Stations:  KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
Aired:  March 11 - 31 
Needs addressed:  food assistance for children 
Description:  :30 recorded announcements with information on where to pick up grab & go breakfast 
and lunch during this time when school is shut down.  Also informed the public that bus stops 
throughout town will be drop off locations for lunches. 
 
 
IN-STUDIO GUESTS 
Stations:  KOZE FM 
Aired:  January 18, 2020 1:00pm 
Guest:  Lewiston High School Cheerleaders 
Needs addressed:  Assistance to various nonprofit groups  
LHS Cheerleaders were in-studio to promote the upcoming “Golden Throne” game, which is a local 
rivalry (Lewiston vs. Clarkston) basketball game.  Both schools participate in the weeks leading up to 
the game by requesting donations from the community that will be given to local nonprofits following the 
basketball game on January 25.  They talked about the groups that will receive the donations and ways 
the community can donate and otherwise get involved in the festivities.   (update:  5 nonprofit groups 
EACH received a check for $3,595… $17,975 was raised). 
 
Station: KOZE FM 
Aired:  January 27,  8 to 8:30 am 
Guest:  Hannah Liedkie, President, Opportunities Unlimited 
•  Discussed a recent gift by a local church of $15,000, and how the donation will benefit local 
people.  
•  OUI offers services to the community such as Assembly, woodworking, fire starters, shredding 
for local business, etc. 
•  The “OUI” Thrift Store is available for the public and profits help fund training for special needs 
staff. 
•  How people in the local market can receive help and training from OUI.  
•  How local people and businesses can donate or volunteer for OUI. 
•  Hannah said the best way to receive more information is their Facebook page, oui.org, and 208 
743 1563. 
 
Station: KOZE FM 
Aired:  February 20, 2020 8:00 to 9:00 am 
Guest:  Amanda Wilhelm, YWCA director of community engagement 
  
•  She discussed services offered by the Lewiston-Clarkston YWCA. She explained what happens 
when a woman is sexually abused.  Local staff from the YWCA go to the hospital to help the 
victim through the process and provide them clothes and flip flops. 
• 
• 
 Shelter and housing available. 
 What the YWCA provides besides food and shelter. (Example: Paying for victims who have 
their tires slashed by stalkers and abusive spouses, paying for daycare while they look for work, 
etc.) 
 Support groups for victims and their kids. 
 Dog obedience training. 
 The 24-hour crisis line 
• 
• 
• 
•  Their annual fundraiser, “Soupport Our Shelters” was discussed. It takes place on February 28. 
•  There are 1000 hand-painted bowls available for purchase. 
•  Local first responders and police make the soup and chili. 
•  The community can purchase a bowl to keep and receive soup and a meal. 
•  Delivery is available for offices. 
•  The have a special event on February 26 at the Center for Arts & History on Main Street. Art, 
beverages, and a ticket to get the soup, etc.  $50 tickets for this part of their fundraiser. 
•  Additional:  
•  KOZE AM and KOZE FM ran PSA announcements daily for 20 days to promote their community 
event. 
•  There was also an event created at koze.com, and shared on our Facebook pages. 
 
 
STATION:  KOZE FM 
AIRED:  February 24, 2020  8:00 to 8:30 AM 
GUEST:  Nathan Alford, Editor of the Lewiston Tribune  
 
We discussed a community forum called the Civility Project happening February 25, 2020. 
This project is inspired by the National Institute for Civil Discourse and Common Sense America. 
The seminar will include former Idaho Governor C.L. "Butch" Otter, former Idaho Congressman Walt 
Minnick, and veteran Journalist/Producer at Idaho Public Television Bill Manny. 
We discussed the events and opportunities for the community to voice concerns over what they read and 
hear in local media, and steps to take to suggest community topics and needs. 
We also discussed a series of discussions set up by the Tribune to give people an opportunity to let the 
newspaper know what type of coverage they wish for. 
KOZE AM & KOZE FM ran PSA’s for three weeks to educate the public and promote this opportunity to 
discuss issues in a positive way. 
 
STATION:  KOZE FM 
AIRED:  March 6, 2020 8:00-8:30 
Guest:  Mike Wigen, Idaho Food Bank 
Mike talked about the current needs of the Food Bank, Where they distribute, How to get assistance 
Cooking classes offered at the Food Bank, The buying power of the Food Bank 
Donation break down:  They can feed 5 families for $1.00 
 
 
STATION:  KOZE FM 
AIRED: March 11, 2020  8:00-9:00 
GUEST: Rebecca Mann from Tri-State Hospital  
•  Discussed Covid-19 and gave info on what precautions to take. 
•  The initial spread data 
•  When to and when NOT to visit the hospital. 
•  CDC and State of Idaho web sites and links. (We linked to our page and also did live reads) 
  
STATION: KOZE FM 
AIRED: March 26, 2020 9 to 10:00AM 
GUEST: Dr. Todd Parkey 
Covid-19 Q&A: Listeners submitted questions and Dr. Parkey answered them. Huge response and 
EXTREMELY useful information.  Clips were also used on AM 950 KOZE.  
 
STATION: KOZE AM 
AIRED: March 30,2020 
Business During Pandemic  A Town Hall with Mark Cuban 
Assisting businesses during the corona virus.  One hour special featuring Mark Cuban had discussions 
on topics like: How can businesses survive during these unprecedented times?  How will the 
government’s Spending package assist them? And how can consumers help their local community 
businesses?   
