McVey Entertainment Group, LLC 
KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
2575 Snake River Avenue, Lewiston ID  83501 
 
Programming Quarterly Report 
3rd Quarter 2020 (Jul-Sept) 
 
PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Stations:  KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
Aired:  Daily for the entire quarter 
Needs addressed:  education, entertainment, public health, assistance, etc.  
Description:  Public Service Announcements are updated daily and read live by DJs on KOZE FM and 
KHTR HD-3 and recorded on KOZE AM, where they air 8 to 11 times a day, M-Su every day of the 
year.  PSAs are accepted from community nonprofit groups and events via email, USPS and walk-ins.  
McVey Entertainment Group has a list of 12 PSAs each day that are rotated equally.  Topics cover 
community events, fund raisers, meetings, opportunities, education, assistance and others.    
PSA VOTER EDUCATION 
Stations:  KOZE AM / KOZE FM/  KHTR HD-3 
Aired:   Daily from August 5 – September 30, 2020 
Needs addressed: Voter Information/Education 
Description: Public Service Announcement regarding Voter Education.  Spot ran 5 times each day, 6a-
mid. 
COMMUNITY SPOTLIGHT 
Stations:  KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
Aired:  Daily for the entire quarter 
Needs addressed:  education, public health, assistance 
Description:  Community Spotlights are: 90 second features that highlight nonprofit groups in our 
community and how those groups serve and fill needs of members of our community.  They are 
designed to let the public know how to get in touch with each group should they need (or know 
someone who needs) the services and assistance each group provides. 
Community Spotlight Programs for this reporting period were the following, which each ran once per 
day (12a-12a) on each station: 
 
•  Youth Suicide Prevention 
•  LCV Youth Resource Center 
•  Lewis-Clark State College Food Pantry 
•  Young Life (Youth Group Program) 
•  Homes of Hope (Foster Care Training & Assistance) 
•  Opportunities Unlimited (educating the public about community members with disabilities) 
•  Community Action Partnership (food and energy assistance availability) 
•  YWCA Women’s Shelter and Programs 
 
SUMMER FOOD PANTRY 
Stations:  KOZE AM/KOZE FM/KHTR HD-3 
Aired:  Jul-Sept 
Needs addressed:  food assistance for children & their families 
Description:  During the summer the food pantry is still open for families in need. Spots for volunteers 
and for locations of food giveaways.   
 
PROJECT FILTER  
Stations:  KOZE AM/KOZE FM /KHTR 103.9 
Aired: Daily for entire quarter 
Needs addressed: Smoking Cessation, Public Service 
Description: A 30 or 60 second spot regarding smoking cessation and the dangers of smoking, ran 3x a 
day on all stations. 
 
SNAKE RIVER GAZETTE 
Stations:  KOZE AM 
Aired:  Every Sunday @ 10:00am for the entire quarter 
Needs addressed:  education, entertainment 
Description:  The Snake River Gazette is a 30-minute weekly broadcast that airs Sundays at 10am.  
Designed to entertain and educate the community about local historical events and people.     
 
 
 
 
IN-STUDIO GUESTS 
Lewiston Police Department 
KOZE On-Air Segment & Studio Visit 
On air interview and podcast for koze.com 
Traffic Sergeant: Tom Woods 
Friday July 10, 2020 
8:00 AM 
Discussion:  New hands-free & distracted driving law in Idaho. 
Discuss the need for the hands-free law. (Has Clarkston seen a drop off in fatalities, etc.) 
The education process and what happens when we get pulled over while using the phone or 
device. 
Can we get pulled over for only using a device? Does there need to be another infraction? (I get 
that question on the phone.) 
The fines and suspensions on Jan 1, 2021. 
Other traffic emphases coming up. 
Strangest or surprising reasons people get pulled over... "I can't believe what I saw that made 
an officer pull someone over." 
 Wednesday, August 5 
In-Studio/On-Air Interview on KOZE FM/AM950 
8:00-8:25 AM 
Zenita Delva - CASA Director 
Charity Goodell - CASA Marketing Director/Community Outreach 
Topics: 
CASA's role in standing up for children in court. Children with parents who've lost parenting 
rights.  
CASA volunteering 
CASA training 
The CASA golf tournament and fundraiser. 
 
Friday August 28 
Station: KOZE-FM/AM 950 
WHO: Bradley Byers Armed Services Recruiting 
Bradley Byers from Armed Services Recruiting Station did an on air interview promoting their 
car wash fundraiser to assist the Idaho Foodbank and backpack program where they raised 
double the money and double the food donations over last years’ total!  This year they washed 
65 cars and raised $1200 for the food bank. 
The audio was also used on AM 950. 
Our news team interviewed them at their location a week earlier for news clips and a full video 
on our web page. 
This was also shared on social media channels. 
