QUARTERLY ISSUES/PROGRAMS LIST
There follows a listing of significant issues responded to by station WEZC, Clinton, IL, 
along with the most significant programming treatment of those issues for the period of 
April 1 to June 30.  The listing is by no means exhaustive.  The order in which these 
stories appear does not reflect any priority or significance.
Description of issue
Clinton Chamber of Commerce 
Postpones May Days
Clinton Chamber Finding Ways to 
Support Small Businesses
Clinton Chamber Proceeding With 
Meat Raffle
Clinton Chamber of Commerce, Rep. 
Dan Caulkins Teaming Up For 
Community Town Hall Event Friday
Clinton Chamber of Commerce 
Moves Golf Outing to September
Time aired Duration
Program or
segment date
April 2, 2020
7:03 pm
April 16, 2020 4:03 pm
May 18, 2020 8:03 am
May 15, 2020 4:03 pm
1:00
3:25
2:00
2:00
June 13, 2020 2:03 pm
1:30
Description of
program segment
Economic 
Development
Economic 
Development
Economic 
Development
Economic 
Development
Economic 
Development
>>Clinton Chamber of Commerce Postpones May Days
The ongoing coronavirus outbreak in the United States has led to the Clinton Chamber 
of Commerce postponing May Days.
The Chamber announced the decision Wednesday afternoon for the event scheduled for 
May 14-17 in downtown Clinton. 
Chamber officials indicate the event will be rescheduled for May of 2021. 
The Chamber has also had to postpone its annual Business Expo that was scheduled for 
last week. 
The two events are annual fundraisers for the Chamber. 
More information can be obtained by contacting the Chamber at 217-935-3364. 
>>Clinton Chamber Finding Ways to Support Small Businesses
The Clinton Chamber of Commerce has had to bring a lot of their operation to an abrupt 
halt because of the coronavirus but that hasn't stopped them from working for their 
member businesses and doing their part to support them.
Executive Director Marian Brisard told Regional Radio News Wednesday on the 
WHOW Morning Show they are promoting businesses still providing services.
Cut: chamberbizzpromote1        :48        CUE: on our Facebook page
The Chamber's Lacy Phelps is working on promotional videos for area businesses 
during this time and Brisard is excited for the community to see those. Like the list of 
open businesses, the Chamber will be pushing these videos out over the next few weeks 
through their Facebook page.
Cut: chamberbizzpromote2        1:12        CUE: now we've got the time
Brisard is hopeful small businesses in the community will take advantage of grant and 
loan programs from the state and federal level. She feels the state and country's 
leadership has been working hard to protect small business owners from this situation.
Cut: chamberbizzpromote3        :45        CUE: until they can reopen
In addition to the promotional things the Chamber is doing, Brisard says they are 
reaching out to members to see if there is anything the Chamber can do for them. 
You can also learn about businesses open and operating during this time by visiting 
dewittdailynews.com and clicking on the 'Businesses open and restaurants offering pick-
up and/or delivery' tab for a comprehensive list of central Illinois businesses open right 
now. 
>>Clinton Chamber Proceeding With Meat Raffle
With the cancellation of fundraisers like May Days and the postponement of the 
Chamber's Business Expo, the meat raffle fundraiser is taking on bigger importance 
during the coronavirus pandemic.
According to Chamber Executive Director, Marian Brisard, they are proceeding with 
their meat raffle that offers a quarter beef, half a hog or cash prize.
Cut: meatrafflego1            :51        CUE: do something a little different
The meat for the raffle is being provided by Toohill Seed and Beef in Clinton. 
To get a meat raffle ticket, contact the Chamber of Commerce at 217-935-3364 and they 
will work with you to get your tickets to you. The Chamber office is closed down for the
time being because of the coronavirus, so picking up tickets in person is not an option 
right now. 
>>Clinton Chamber of Commerce, Rep. Dan Caulkins Teaming Up For Community 
Town Hall Event Friday
Hear from business leaders in Clinton and State Representative Dan Caulkins Friday 
afternoon on Facebook about how the coronavirus is impacting them and what the State 
of Illinois' outlook is.
The Clinton Chamber of Commerce and Rep. Caulkins are teaming up with local 
business owners in both the private and public sectors to hear how the coronavirus is 
impacting them. Chamber Executive Director Marian Brisard noticed Caulkins has done 
these in other parts of his district and wanted to do something similar for the community.
Cut: chamberliveevent1            :50        CUE: on Facebook
According to Brisard, Warner Hospital CEO Paul Skowron, YMCA Executive Director 
Rennie Cluver, and local small business owners will be part of the forum. Brisard feels 
this is a good mix of community representation.
Cut: chamberliveevent2            :
Brisard says they want to hear from these community leaders and how this coronavirus 
is impacting their operations. She indicates, watchers of the live event will be able to 
submit questions and a moderator within Rep. Caulkins' team will field those for the 
Decatur Republican. 
>>Clinton Chamber of Commerce Moves Golf Outing to September
The Clinton Chamber of Commerce is adjusting their calendar for June.
The Chamber's June 23 golf outing is going to be moved to September according to 
Executive Director Marian Brisard.
Cut: golfinseptember1            :09        CUE: 
The new date for the outing falls on the week of Apple n' Pork but Brisard does not 
believe that will be an issue.
Cut: golfinseptember2            :20        CUE: beautiful fall by then
The Chamber of Commerce has also extended its meat raffle to the new date of their 
golf outing. Brisard says the coronavirus shut down slowed down the ticket sales for that
fundraiser, so they are extending it. To get information on the adjustment of events and 
for more things happening in Clinton, visit clintonilchamber.org. 
QUARTERLY ISSUES/PROGRAMS LIST
There follows a listing of significant issues responded to by station WEZC, Clinton, IL, 
along with the most significant programming treatment of those issues for the period of 
April 1 to June 30.  The listing is by no means exhaustive.  The order in which these 
stories appear does not reflect any priority or significance.
Description of issue
DeWitt County Board Adjusts 
Meeting Schedules for Next Week; 
Entities Go To Conference Call 
Meetings
DeWitt County To Have Workers 
Return May 4
DeWitt County Board Sets Date for 
Tradewind Energy Special Use 
Permit Vote
DeWitt County Board Chair: The 
Coronavirus is Real But So Are 
People's Livelihoods
DeWitt County Board Votes to 
Postpone Wind Farm Vote
Program or
segment date
April 18, 2020
Time aired Duration
7:03 pm
1:00
Description of
program segment
County 
Government
April 24, 2019
8:03 am
May 14, 2020
1:03 pm
5:45
5:00
May 18, 2020
3:03 am
4:00
June 3, 2020
 5:03 am
7:15
County 
Government
County 
Government
County 
Government
County 
Government
>>DeWitt County Board Adjusts Meeting Schedules for Next Week; Entities Go To 
Conference Call Meetings
The coronavirus has forced local governments to adjust how they conduct meetings and 
next week in DeWitt County is busy.
The week starts with the DeWitt County Board's finance meeting at 3 pm Monday 
afternoon via a conference call. 
Monday night, the Clinton City Council convenes via conference call and they will have
a special public hearing at 6:45 for their annual budget session. 
Tuesday, the Clinton Board of Education will conduct its monthly business via Zoom. 
And Thursday afternoon, the DeWitt County Board will hold their monthly meeting at 3 
pm. 
DeWitt County Board Chair David Newberg tells Regional Radio News, the DeWitt 
County Board will meet with just a few members of the Board in the Board room, and 
the rest, about nine or ten, over the phone.
He will look to have the meeting be as normal as possible despite the social distancing 
precautions. According to Newberg, there will still be a public comment period and 
anyone wishing to participate will be asked to contact County Clerk Dana Smith to get 
on the agenda ahead of the meeting. They will need to do so by Monday. 
To listen in on the County Board's finance meeting and the Board meeting, call 978-990-
5000 and the access code to enter the meeting will be 314719.
The link for the Clinton Board of Education meeting is available at dewittdailynews.com
with the meeting ID and the password through Zoom.
If you want to join the Clinton City Council meeting Monday night, dial 571-317-3116 
then enter the access code - 449-970-085 - when prompted. 
>>DeWitt County To Have Workers Return May 4
Illinois Governor JB Pritzker announced the extension of the stay at home order for 
Illinois to May 30 and moments after, the DeWitt County Board discussed how to 
proceed in bringing County employees back as soon as May 4. 
Vice Board Chair Camille Redman explains they cannot continue to pay their employees
to stay home and continue to get paid. It is starting to impact the County's budget.
Cut: countybacktowork1        1:11        CUE: two or three months financially
DeWitt County Sheriff Mike Walker indicates measures have been taken and adjusted to 
limit the traffick into the County Building. He estimates 95 to 99 percent of traffic has 
been eliminated and measures are being taken to make sure everyone is healthy.
Cut: countybacktowork2        1:17        CUE: for 14 days
According to County Board Chair David Newberg, some County employees have been 
coming to work and department heads have been making decisions on how to staff their 
offices. Employees that have not been working are still being paid but Newberg echoes 
Redman's comments and says they need to start deciding if they want to have employees
return to work or not pay them.
Cut: countybacktowork3        1:15        CUE: they choose
State's Attorney Dan Markwell is having his staff return to work and there is plenty to be
done in other offices of the building as well. Newberg says if the County Building is 
secure, they are going to ask employees to return to work. 
Cut: countybacktowork4        :57        CUE: how this plays out
But what if County employees do not want to work and choose to be laid off and receive
unemployment. State's Attorney Markwell encourages the employee to talk to their 
supervisor. However, there was some confusion about employees who choose not to 
work. 
Cut: countybacktowork5        1:51        CUE: come to work
According to Newberg, asking employees to return to work is not necessary because 
they never left work. He indicates it will be up to Department heads and officeholders to 
work with their staff on the best way to proceed given the various circumstances many 
individuals may face. 
>>DeWitt County Board Sets Date for Tradewind Energy Special Use Permit Vote
The DeWitt County Board has set June 2 as the date for their vote on a special use 
permit application for Tradewind Energy's Alta Farms II Wind Project. 
DeWitt County Board Chair David Newberg tells Regional Radio News the meeting will
be conducted virtually that Tuesday night. Newberg explains the special meeting will 
mirror the format of the vote for the Tradewind application from last year.
Cut: boardtradewindvote1        :69        CUE: for a while
According to Newberg, the Board was originally scheduled for March 18. He recognizes
it is inconvenient to not have everyone in a room but the times we are in are dictating the
circumstances of the vote. 
Cut: boardtradewindvote2        :58        CUE: all believe that
Newberg believes it is time Tradewind Energy should have a resolution on its 
application. He says they have already had to wait two months and by the time the vote 
is taken in June, it will be two-and-a-half months.
Cut: boardtradewindvote3        1:12        CUE: continue on
The meeting is again, Tuesday, June 2 at 6 pm.
Those wishing to be placed on the agenda for public comment should call Dana Smith, 
DeWitt County Clerk, at 217-935-7780 to be placed on the agenda and indicate if they 
are speaking for or against the project. 
Those who want to give public comment via email should submit their statement to 
countyclerk@dewittcountyill.com or by mail to DeWitt County Clerk, P.O. Box 439, 
Clinton, IL 61727 no later than 4:30 p.m. on May 28, 2020.  
All emails and written statements will be forwarded to Board Members prior to the 
meeting.
>>DeWitt County Board Chair: The Coronavirus is Real But So Are People's 
Livelihoods
Counties in various parts of Illinois are giving their residents and businesses the 'thumbs 
up' to open back up and DeWitt County Board Chair David Newberg weighed in on 
what they might do.
Newberg stresses anything the County Board would take action on would only impact 
those businesses that are in unincorporated areas. He explains that it is the only direction
they could give as each community would have to establish their plans and directions for
their residents and businesses.
Cut: newbergonopen1            :59        CUE: those types of things
According to Newberg, they need to look at a reopening plan very closely. He says the 
statistics in DeWitt County do not warrant continuing with the closure and credits the 
responsibility of the residents.
Cut: newbergonopen2            :51        CUE: I feel right now
DeWitt County falls in an interesting place geographically in central Illinois sandwiched
between Bloomington/Normal, Champaign, Decatur, Springfield, and Lincoln. Newberg
indicates he keeps tabs on what other counties are doing and he notes most are taking 
different approaches.
Cut: newbergonopen3            :50        CUE: are real too
Newberg feels people need to take responsibility for their health and wellbeing. He says 
we don't know that reopening will create a spike in cases. Additionally, he believes 
allowing people to get back out and businesses to reopen is a risk we need to take. 
He adds if business owners aren't comfortable reopening they can remain closed and if 
residents are not comfortable going out, they can remain inside. 
>>DeWitt County Board Votes to Postpone Wind Farm Vote
The DeWitt County Board votes Tuesday night to postpone the vote on the special use 
permit for the Tradewind Energy Alta Farms II wind project in the northwest corner of 
DeWitt County. 
At the special meeting, Melanie Tilley asked the board to consider moving the meeting 
to Tuesday, July 14 at 6 pm with concerns about board members present and the ability 
to monitor their activity.
Cut: meetingpostponed1        :52        CUE: at the same time
Tilley also expressed concerns over the meeting not being audible, something opponents
of the project have been expressing concerns about in recent comments. Additionally, an
open meetings act concern was brought up as well.
Cut: meetingpostponed2        :67        CUE: talking about the board members
Terry Ferguson pointed to comments by Tradewind project development manager Tom 
Swierczewski when on the WHOW Morning Show stated ideally, they too would like to 
have the meeting with everyone present. Ferguson says if Illinois can move to phase 4 of
Governor JB Pritzker's Restore Illinois plan in July, perhaps there could a limited 
audience present. 
Cut: meetingpostponed3        :60        CUE: at the Abigail
Since the County has gone to virtual meetings, Nate Ennis points out he has not been 
able to be present for any of them. Tilley feels there may be a rights violation for board 
members by having to exclude some board members from being present at the County 
Courthouse.
Cut: meetingpostponed4        :51        CUE: go and be present
Board Lance Reece took some exception to the comments by Ennis and Tilley. He and 
Tilley exchanged thoughts on who is in the room and who is in another room. Reece 
says if you wait until the coronavirus has passed and for everyone to meet in the same 
room, a vote may not happen until next year.
Cut: meetingpostponed5        1:56        CUE: just my input
Christy Pruser suggested the Board's vote be July 14 no matter the circumstances 
surrounding the guidelines from the Governor. After much confusion about language in 
motion amendments and votes necessary to pass the motions, the Board approved the 
postponement of the meeting to July 14, whether it be held virtually or in person. 
QUARTERLY ISSUES/PROGRAMS LIST
There follows a listing of significant issues responded to by station WEZC, Clinton, IL, 
along with the most significant programming treatment of those issues for the period of 
April 1 to June 30.  The listing is by no means exhaustive.  The order in which these 
stories appear does not reflect any priority or significance.
Description of issue
Clinton City Council Members 
Weigh In on Coronavirus
Clinton City Administrator 
Anticipates City Having to Dip Into
Reserves
Clinton City Administrator to 
Business Owners: If You Want to 
Open Up, Open Up
Clinton Public Health and Safety 
Commissioner: Pay Attention
Clinton City Treasurer Breaks 
Down Predicted Tax Dollars
Program or
segment date
April. 8, 2020
9:03am
April 25, 2020
6:03 am
Time aired Duration
Description of
program segment
Local Government
Local Government
2:25
3:10
May 20, 2020
3:03 pm
3:55
Local Government
June 2, 2020
7:03 pm
June 16, 2020
1:03 pm
1:25
2:35
Local Government
Local Government
>>Clinton City Council Members Weigh In on Coronavirus
The Clinton City Council held a conference call council meeting Monday night and 
Council members are urging the public to stay safe during this time.
Mayor Roger Cyrulik issued a statement late last week and echoed his thoughts Monday 
night asking residents to abide by the stay at home guidelines and the social distancing 
guidelines. The Mayor is calling on the community to support susceptible individuals 
during this time.
Cut: counciloncorona1        :44        CUE: all the help we can give em
Commissioner Dan Ballenger thanked the first responders who continue to put their 
lives on the line during this pandemic and says you can anticipate fire officials to wear 
personal protective equipment as they respond to emergencies.
Cut: counciloncorona2        :31        CUE: doing a great job
The Council's meeting was limited to just essential business including the reapproval of 
the engineering contract for the Center Street project that is being adjusted because bids 
for the project came in higher than expected in March. 
>>Clinton City Administrator Anticipates City Having to Dip Into Reserves
 City of Clinton officials are not ruling out the possibility of having to dip into reserves 
while the State of Illinois awaits the all-clear to get the economy going again.
Tim Followell says revenues have and are going to drop and with that in mind, he says it
is not out of the question the City may have to dip into their reserves. He says the good 
news is, reserves are healthy and those should take them through the duration of the 
coronavirus outbreak.
Cut: cityreserves1            1:14        CUE: maintaining the course
According to Followell, being able to replenish funds in reserves is going to be very 
difficult so they are going to have be very meticulous in the money they pull from their 
reserves.
Cut: cityreserves2            :48        CUE: try to make it work
Followell explains the City is curtailing spending in certain areas and are trying to keep 
any unnecessary expenses to a minimum. 
>>Clinton City Administrator to Business Owners: If You Want to Open Up, Open Up
If you are a business owner in Clinton and you want to open up - open up.
That is the message from City Administrator Tim Followell who says it wasn't the City 
of Clinton that shut down the businesses that closed after Governor Pritzker enacted the 
stay at home order. He believes business owners don't need the blessing of the City to 
reopen.
Cut: timonreopen1        1:26        CUE: customer base wants
The City has received criticism regarding not putting a plan together for reopening. 
Followell says not only does the City not have the authority to tell businesses to reopen 
but they also do not have access to experts to help guide them in good policy to reopen.
Cut: timonreopen2        :53        CUE: but repeat the rest of it
Followell says the City is also tied up because they do not want to face the wrath of 
anything the Governor and his office can do to the City. He wants DeWitt County on the 
Governor's radar for something other than the wrong reasons.
Cut: timonreopen3        1:13        CUE: not getting there either
Many have criticized the City for not taking action to protect sales tax dollars that come 
to the City. Followell points out, the State of Illinois does not have pass along sales tax 
dollars to the City. He emphasizes that is an unwritten law and those revenues to stop at 
any time.
>>Clinton Public Health and Safety Commissioner: Pay Attention
It was a simple message for the community as looting and rioting begin to expand on the
streets of the country and to a limited degree, central Illinois.
At the Monday Night Clinton City Council meeting, Commissioner of Health and Safety
Dan Ballenger had a brief and simple message for the community....
Cut: danonriots
:17
CUE: all I have
Also at the Monday night meeting, Commissioner of Streets and Public Improvements, 
Ken Buchanan updated on the status of the city-wide cleanup, which is being moved to 
the fall.
Cut: kenonfallcleanup
:25
CUE: when we get it set up
Also Monday night, the Council...
>>Approived the plumbers and pipefitters contract with the City of Clinton
>>Approved the bid for sledge lime removal for the water treatment plant for $15.25 per
ton with Evergreen FS
>>The Council approved the purchase of software for the fire department for just over 
$3,000
>>The Council approved an engineering service agreement with Symbiont for no more 
than $25,000. 
>>Clinton City Treasurer Breaks Down Predicted Tax Dollars
For the first time in two months, the Clinton City Council was altogether in the Council 
chambers Monday night. 
The Council was briefed by City Treasurer Clint Lichtenwalter on the situation the 
shutout could have on the budget. Lichtenwalter says revenues are projected to decrease.
(The virtual meeting audio was sometimes inaudible due to interference)
Cut: meetinperson1        :66        CUE: 180,000
Lichtenwalter will be on the WHOW Morning Show Tuesday morning at approximately 
9:30 am with Steve Lobb. Hear more from him on-air and at the many WHOW mobile 
platforms including the WHOW mobile app and Amazon Alexa.
Council members expressed their pleasure to return to the chambers and conduct City 
business in person. John Wise offered his thoughts on being back together....
Cut: meetinperson2        :11        CUE: little more normal
For many in the community, they will welcome Danny Ballenger's news that City parks 
are reopened and the pickle-ball courts are operating.
Cut: meetinperson3        :46        CUE: pretty nice thing
The Council approved a contract with the Emergency Management Agency for $15,000. 
A yearly item on the Council agenda.
QUARTERLY ISSUES/PROGRAMS LIST
There follows a listing of significant issues responded to by station WEZC, Clinton, IL, 
along with the most significant programming treatment of those issues for the period of 
April 1 to June 30.  The listing is by no means exhaustive.  The order in which these 
stories appear does not reflect any priority or significance.
Description of issue
Clinton Schools Leader Disappointed
School Year Must End Under 
Current Circumstances
Blue Ridge Schools to Host Drive 
Through Graduation
Clinton Board of Education 
Promotes Goebbel, Peck
Clinton Schools Reading Teacher 
Discusses Importance for Kids to 
Read This Summer
Clinton Schools Superintendent 
Anticipates Reopening Guidelines 
Soon
Program or
segment date
April. 23, 2020
Time aired Duration
8:03 am
3:40
Description of
program segment
Education
May. 9, 2020
8:03 pm
May 20, 2020
4:03 pm
June 5, 2020
7:03 pm
2:35
1:40
4:15
Education
Education
Education
June 17,  2020
2:03 pm
2:30
Education
>>Clinton Schools Leader Disappointed School Year Must End Under Current 
Circumstances
While keeping our communities safe through social distancing continues to be a top 
priority at this time, that hasn't left the leader of Clinton Schools without feeling 
disappointment for the way the year must finish.
Last Friday, Illinois Governor JB Pritzker announced the 2019-2020 school year would 
conclude through remote learning, and students would not be returning to classes. 
Superintendent of Clinton Schools, Curt Nettles says while the decision wasn't 
surprising, it doesn't take away the fact there are going to be moments missed by 
students. 
Cut: nettlesempathy1            :60        CUE: they may feel about that
For teachers, the abrupt finish to the school year will be difficult for them and Nettles 
says it should be as they focus on developing strong relationships with their students. 
Cut: nettlesempathy2            1:16        CUE: 
Remote learning will be implemented to finish out the year and school districts will 
begin adjusting heading in the new school year next year. 
>>Blue Ridge Schools to Host Drive Through Graduation
Blue Ridge Schools are planning a drive-thru graduation ceremony to honor their 
seniors.
Superintendent of Blue Ridge Schools, Susan Wilson explains they will allow their 
seniors to drive up at their circle drive in front of the high school. The Illinois State 
Board of Education deemed a drive-through graduation would not be allowed but 
Wilson says activism prevailed and now their event will go on.
Cut: blueridgegrad1
:44
CUE: participants will be in their cars
According to Wilson, they will have speeches followed by students pulling up, getting 
out to accept their diplomas, get a quick picture and there will be a parade through town 
to honor the seniors.
Cut: blueridgegrad2
:48
CUE: during that time
Wilson says they considered all options when discussing graduation and because 
students will be off to the next thing in their lives over the summer, they did not feel that
was an option for them. She looks forward to having all her students back together one 
last time. 
>>Clinton Board of Education Promotes Goebbel, Peck
The Clinton Board of Education promoted within Tuesday night at their regular Board of
Education meeting.
The Board of Education extended Superintendent Curt Nettles' contract through 2024. 
Additionally, Drew Goebbel has been promoted to Assistance Superintendent and Jim 
Peck has been promoted to Clinton Junior High School Principal. 
Board of Education President Dan Matthews spoke highly of all three men and the 
leadership they've provided the district. 
Cut: matthewsonpromotions1        :44        CUE: that contract as well
The Board of Education used Zoom to broadcast their meeting to the public Tuesday and
at times the audio was hard to hear. The hope is to have everyone in the junior high 
school library in June. 
>>Clinton Schools Reading Teacher Discusses Importance for Kids to Read This 
Summer
On top of lost instruction in the last quarter of the school year due to the coronavirus 
shut downs combined with the summer slide, the term for reading skills that decline in 
youth over the summer, a local teacher is encouraging the community to work with kids 
this summer on their reading skills.
Sam Rybacki (rye-back-E) is a reading teacher at Clinton Elementary School and 
expressed her concerns for the potential severe declines kids could see as a result of all 
the lost classroom time between the coronavirus shutdowns and the current summer 
vacation.
Cut: rybackionreading1        1:21        CUE: doing things in the classroom
Rybacki has several ideas for families to engage their kids in reading during the summer.
She recommends making regular visits to the library if possible and reading alongside 
your child. That could be as easy as reading to them, your child reading to you or you 
read while your child reads.
Cut: rybackionreading2        1:15        CUE: the whole family is reading
Some kids may be reluctant to want to read and Rybacki engaging kids in a fun activity 
like cooking or building something. She also points out, kids are returning to comic 
book reading.
Cut: rybackionreading3        :66        CUE: tell them to you
Rybacki stressed the importance of kids continuing to read over the summer because it is
a skill that declines if not exercised it will go away. She also encourages making reading
as fun as possible and less of a chore. She says kids tend not to want to do chores, so it is
important for it to be something they have fun with. 
>>Clinton Schools Superintendent Anticipates Reopening Guidelines Soon
What schools will look like in the fall could become more during June as school leaders 
await the release of guidelines from the State of Illinois.
Tuesday night at the Clinton Board of Education meeting, Clinton Schools 
superintendent Curt Nettles informed his board there has been speculation those 
guidelines could come as soon as this week but he and his colleagues anticipate those 
coming soon.
Cut: reopenplans1            :43        CUE: like us to work on weekends
According to Nettles, there is an unofficial task force for the district to put into place 
plans for the district to reopen. He indicates while the State of Illinois will push local 
control, there will be guidelines they have to incorporate in their plans.
Cut: reopenplans2            :51        CUE: go from there
Nettles indicates they will put together a plan that is best for the students, staff, 
community and the families. He indicates their committee consists of school board 
members, administrators, teachers, fall sports coaches and the health department is going
to be a part of it as well.
Nettles looks forward to getting the guidelines from the State of Illinois moving forward 
with the planning. 
QUARTERLY ISSUES/PROGRAMS LIST
There follows a listing of significant issues responded to by station WEZC, Clinton, IL, 
along with the most significant programming treatment of those issues for the period of 
April 1 to June 30.  The listing is by no means exhaustive.  The order in which these 
stories appear does not reflect any priority or significance.
Description of issue
Local Health Officials Says 
Continue Stay Course on 
Social Distancing
Staff, Residents of Liberty 
Village Tested for Coronavirus;
Health Officials Keeping An 
Eye on the Situation
DeWitt/Piatt Bi-County Health 
Department Director 
Optimistic About Liberty 
Village Situation
Local Health Officials Praise 
Residents for Diligence in 
Following Guidelines to Slow 
the Spread of Coronavirus
DeWitt/Piatt Bi-County Health 
Department Administrator Says
School Should Return in the 
Fall
Program or
segment date
Time aired
Duration
April 3, 2020
8:03 pm
4:15
Description of
program segment
Healthcare
May 1, 2020
3:03 pm
2:30
Healthcare
May 6, 2020
2:03 AM
5:00
Healthcare
May 30, 2020
2:03 am
3:30
Healthcare
June 22, 2020
3:03 am
3:35
Healthcare
>>Local Health Officials Says Continue Stay Course on Social Distancing
Thursday the first cases of the coronavirus were confirmed in DeWitt and Piatt Counties 
but local health officials say social distancing is still working in Illinois and beyond.
CEO of Warner Hospital and Health Services Paul Skowron remains pleased with the 
way the community continues to follow the guidelines of state and federal officials. He 
points out the peak of this virus is predicted around mid-April for the country and about 
April 20 for Illinois.
Cut: staythecourse1
1:11
CUE: around April 20
According to Dave Remmert, Executive Director of the DeWitt/Piatt Bi-County Health 
Department, while it could be easy to panic right now, he is hopeful residents will stay 
calm and continue to follow the recommendations of state and federal experts as we 
work our way through this situation.
Cut: staythecourse2
:57
CUE: really scares people
President Trump's coronavirus task force updated the country on statistics and 
predictions based on models Tuesday afternoon and both Skowron and Remmert believe
with vigilant and intentional social distancing, we will get back to normalcy sooner.
Cut: staythecourse3
:52
CUE: made it out to be
Skowron believes Illinois is ahead of the curve in taking action for social distancing. He 
hopes everyone keeps up the social distancing and takes it seriously. 
Cut: staythecourse4
:45
CUE: current information
Skowron and Remmert say the process to get tested remains for individuals to call their 
healthcare provider first before showing up. They also note testing is going to continue 
for symptomatic individuals. 
>>Staff, Residents of Liberty Village Tested for Coronavirus; Health Officials Keeping 
An Eye on the Situation
No new coronavirus cases were reported today in DeWitt, Piatt, and Logan Counties.
Testing in DeWitt and Piatt Counties increased to 424 tests conducted, 37 tests in DeWitt
County are awaiting results, those tests are the staff and residents of Liberty in Village. 
The DeWitt/Piatt Bi-County Health Department indicates they continue to maintain 
communication with the staff there and are very concerned about the health and safety of
their residents.
In a statement Friday, Executive Director of the Health Department, Dave Remmert said
quote - "The Governor's message today focused on the issue of Contact Tracing.  
Historically, this is one of the key elements of public health practice to reduce the spread
of infections in populations.  With other agency services suspended currently, we have 
staff available to focus on these really critical functions.  This involves working with 
identified cases and getting feedback from them on any other persons that they may have
had contact with for an extended period and within a 6-foot distance over the incubation 
period for the disease.  As you can imagine, these contacts could be extensive numbers.  
Once identified, we remain in daily contact with them over their quarantine period.  This
also involves identifying any needs they may have that we can work towards to allow 
them to stay home, e.g., groceries."
Remmert is imploring the public to remain patient and vigilant with the stay at home 
guidelines. He says while the orders have been extended, they are being relaxed a bit 
further and over time it is expected they will be relaxed even more. 
Logan County testing increased to 317 tests with three awaiting results. The Health 
Department still reports three active cases with four previous individuals to test positive 
recovered. 
The Illinois Department of Public Health (IDPH) today announced 3,137 new cases of 
coronavirus in Illinois, including 105 additional deaths.
IDPH is reporting a total of 56,055 cases, including 2,457 deaths, in 97 counties in 
Illinois. 
Within the past 24 hours, laboratories have processed 14,821 specimens for a total of 
284,688.
90-percent of cases are in the Chicago area. 
>>DeWitt/Piatt Bi-County Health Department Director Optimistic About Liberty Village
Situation
A situation that could have been much worse is starting to appear like there will a 
positive conclusion.
Tests from 37 residents and staff at Liberty Village continue to trickle back and so far, 
the news has been positive, as there are no cases of coronavirus in the DeWitt County 
facility after a staffer tested positive last week for the virus that continues to claim lives 
of Illinoisans and Americans. 
Dave Remmert is the DeWitt/Piatt Bi-County Health Department and today (Tuesday) 
told Regional Radio News he is optimistic the news will conclude positively at the 
assisted living facility in Clinton, something not a lot of facilities in Illinois can say at 
this time.
Cut: libertyvillagelatest1            :63        CUE: pretty positive about that
Many have wondered why only a part of the staff and residents of the facility have been 
tested. Remmert indicates the answer is simply a contact tracing procedure as most of 
the residents have been quarantined in their rooms since the coronavirus outbreak began.
Cut: libertyvillagelatest2            :30        CUE: been in contact with
While the situation at the assisted living facility is looking more positive by the day, 
Remmert expressed his concern for the lack of isolation is followed by one of the 
individuals who recently tested positive for the virus. Remmert called the situation 
frustrating.
Cut: libertyvillagelatest3            1:11        CUE: to the States' Attorney's Office
While Remmert has advocated for young people to return to work and to resume their 
daily routines, he says for healthy individuals to be out is one thing but for a sick 
individual to be out is quite another. He stresses the danger of individuals who are sick 
being out is going to create a problem. 
Remmert indicates they are going to have to retest around half-a-dozen individuals. Piatt
County is reporting no new cases of coronavirus Tuesday while in Logan County, they 
have no new cases but remain with three active cases. 
The Illinois Department of Public Health (IDPH) today announced 2,122 new cases of 
coronavirus in Illinois, including 176 new fatalities. 90-percent of cases are in the 
Chicago area. 
Currently, IDPH is reporting a total of 65,962 cases, including 2,838 deaths, in 97 
counties in Illinois. 
Within the past 24 hours, laboratories have processed 13,139 specimens for a total of 
346,286.
>>Local Health Officials Praise Residents for Diligence in Following Guidelines to 
Slow the Spread of Coronavirus
Local health officials agree, residents have done an exemplary job of doing their part to 
slow the spread of the coronavirus.
As the State of Illinois gradually reopens the economy, CEO of Warner Hospital and 
Health Services Paul Skowron says DeWitt County has demonstrated, quote - 
"exemplary civic responsibility".
Cut: localspraised1            1:16        CUE: chicagoland neighborhoods
Dave Remmert, Executive Director of the DeWitt/Piatt Bi-County Health Department 
applauds the public as well and describes his feelings as quote - "truly impressed". He 
points out, the data locally reflects the community's efforts. 
Cut: localspraised2            :45        CUE: a credit to the residents
Remmert points out, the case they had in Piatt County from earlier in the week has 
submitted two consecutive negative test results.  He has been moved to our "Not 
Detected" line as Remmert believes he was a false positive case.
90-percent of the state's fatalities and 83-percent of the state's total coronavirus cases are
in the Chicago area. Overall, Illinois has a 14-percent positive rate, however, the 
preliminary seven-day statewide positivity for cases as a percent of total test from May 
22–May 28 is 8%.
>>DeWitt/Piatt Bi-County Health Department Administrator Says School Should Return
in the Fall
The DeWitt/Piatt Bi-County Health Department Administrator believes students will be 
able to return to school in the fall.
Dave Remmert, DeWitt/Piatt Bi-County Health Department Administrator, indicates 
according to data school-age children are the least at risk for the coronavirus with the 
majority of cases being mild, and they end up recovering.
Cut: schoolfall1         :52         Cue: most at risk
There is speculation surrounding students transmitting the disease to their families. 
Remmert says a lot of cases in children are asymptomatic and reports indicate 
asymptomatic carriers are less likely to transmit the disease.
Cut: schoolfall2         :53         Cue: back in session
If school resumes in the fall Remmert believes masks should be implemented. He says 
masks are common sense in the way they help prevent the spread.
Cut: schoolfall3         :47         Cue: good safeguard
Remmert says with maks and social distancing guidelines in place students can safely 
return to school in the fall.
