American Family Radio 
QUARTERLY ISSUES AND PROGRAMS LIST 
July, August & September 2020 
The following is a compilation/sampling of key issues and programs that were broadcast on American Family 
Radio during this period. 
AFR News: A daily four and one-half minute feature heard at the top of the hour from 6 AM until 10 PM. The AFR News 
Department presents news affecting the family from a Christian perspective. 
Airing the Addison’s:   A 1 hour program heard weekdays at 2:00 pm Hosted by- Wil and Meeke Addison 
Answers In Genesis: A 2 minute program heard weekdays hosted by Ken Ham. 
A Second Look at Sports: A 30 minute program heard Saturday evening hosted by Dr. Dwight Allen. 
Best of Janet Parshall:   A 1 hour program heard Saturday evening hosted by Janet Parshall. 
Breakpoint: A four minute social and political commentary from which airs weekdays at 8:30PM. 
Changed Lives: A 25 minute program hosted by Ben Haden heard Sundays at 7:30 AM 
Cross Examined: A 1 hour program heard weekdays at 2:30 am hosted by Dr. Frank Turek 
Community Clipboard Announcement: These announcements are made throughout the day, and are made up of 
organizations churches and other groups sending in information about activities going on in their local communities. 
Topics and organizations vary. Copies of announcements are in the public file, and come from the information sent to us. 
Daughters of Promise: Hosted by Christine Wyrtzen, this two minute featurette is heard weekdays. The program deals 
with a wide variety of issues and gives us words of encouragement. The program occasionally contains music performed 
by Christine Wyrtzen. 
Encouragement Today: A 30 minute program heard Saturday afternoon hosted by Rodney Love the President of Master 
Life Coach Training Institute. 
Exploring The Word: A 1 hour program heard Weekdays at 3:00 PM hosted by Pastor Bert Harper of AFA and AFA’s 
Repairing the Foundation Also Alex McFarland, Christian speaker, Christian writer and Christian apologist. currently 
serves as Director of the Christian Worldview Center at North Greenville University in Greenville, South Carolina 
Exposing Washington:   A 30 minute program heard Saturday afternoon at 2:30 hosted by Walker Wildmon. 
Family Life Today: A 28 minute program heard Weekdays at 9:00 PM hosted by Author and speaker Dennis Rainey 
discusses topics concerning marriage, single life, adoption and family life. 
Family News in Focus: A 4.5 minute program heard weekdays at 9:55 PM. 
Financial Issues: A 2 hour program heard weekdays hosted by Dan Celia 
Focus On the Family : Jim Daly and co-host John Fuller The daily, half-hour Focus on the Family radio program provides 
today's families with biblically-based, yet practical, everyday insights on marriage and parenting -- insights that help 
families thrive! 
Focus On the Family Weekend: This 55 minute program is heard Saturday at 11:00 AM features highlights from the 
previous week’s editions of Focus on the Family, and sometimes may include late-breaking stories that were not aired the 
previous week. 
From His Heart: A 30 minute program heard at 6:00 pm weekdays with Pastor Jeff Schreve 
Haven Today: A 27 minute program is heard weekdays at 5:05 am. The program deals with uplifting stories and issues to 
strengthen the family. 
Hour of Holiness: Dr. Bill Ury, Professor at Wesley Biblical Seminary, gives a call to Holiness in this 28 min. sermon on 
Sunday at 9:30. 
Focal Point: A 1 hour program heard weekdays at 1:00 pm hosted by- Bryan Fischer 
Hope For The Caregiver: A 1 hour program heard Saturday mornings at 7:00 am hosted by Peter Rosenberger 
Hope In The Night: A 1 hour program heard (Tuesday-Friday) hosted by June Hunt 
In Grace:   A 25 minute program with Pastor Jim Scudder, Jr. 
My Family Talk: A 28 minute interview program with host Dr. James Dobson. The program features a variety of guests 
and topics relating to the family. The program airs weekdays at 3:05 AM, 9:30 AM. and 9:30 PM 
Leading the Way: Heard weekdays at 8:00PM, this 25 minute program is hosted by Michael Youssef and teaches 
Biblical truths and focuses on the ignorance of scripture. 
Let My People Think: A 28 minute program heard Sunday at 6:00 PM hosted by Dr .Ravi Zacharias teaches from the 
Bible how to face different issues and problems in a Christian manner. 
Love Worth Finding: Heard weekdays at 7:35, this 26 minute program is hosted by Dr. Adrian Rogers and covers a wide 
range of issues affecting Christians and their daily walk with Christ. 
Revive Our Hearts: Heard weekdays at 8:34PM, This 29 minute program is hosted by Nancy Leigh Demoss. 
Our Daily Bread: This 5 minute program heard weekdays at 4:30 AM deals with a wide range of issues. 
Parenting Todays Teen: This 25 minute program is heard Saturday evening at 5:30 PM hosted by Mark Gregston 
Pastor Rick’s Daily Hope: A 30 minute program heard weekdays at 11:00 PM from Pastor Rick Warren 
Pathway to Victory: A 30 minute program heard weekdays from Pastor Dr. Robert Jeffress 
Point of View: A 2 hour program heard weekdays on select AFR talk stations hosted by Kerby Anderson 
Probe: Heard weekdays at 1:30 PM, this five minute program is hosted by Kerby Anderson and covers a wide range of 
topics. 
Public Service Announcement(s) (PSA’s) : Announcements are 30 or 60 seconds in length and air at various times 
each day. 
Sandy Rios In The Morning: A 1 hour program heard weekdays at 7:00am Hosted by Director of Governmental Affairs 
for AFA, Sandy Rios 
Secure Freedom Radio: This 1 hour program is heard weekdays at 10:00 PM and is hosted by Frank Gaffney 
Share Truth Apply Scripture:   A 30 minute program heard Saturday afternoon hosted by Wesley Wildmon and Jordan 
Chamblee. 
Sold Out Sports: A 30 minute program heard Saturday evening hosted by Roman Gabriel III 
The Alternative: A 30 minute program heard weekdays at 11:30 PM with Pastor Tony Evans. 
The Awakening: A 1 hour program heard weekdays at 12:00 PM hosted by Bishop E.W. Jackson also on select AFR 
stations at 9:00 PM. 
The Friends of Israel Today: A 30 minute program heard Saturday at 2:00 PM. 
The Hamilton Corner: This 1 hour program is heard weekdays at 4:00 PM and weekends at 12:00 PM is hosted by 
AFA’s attorney Abraham Hamilton III 
The Hour of Intercession: this 1 hour program is hosted by Pastor Joseph Parker. This show covers topics of 
prayer, intercession, the Word of God, and it features interviews with pastors and religious leaders. 
The Winning Walk: A 30 minute program heard weekdays at 6:30 PM with Pastor Ed Young. 
The Voice of The Martyrs: A 30 minute program heard Sunday at 10:00 am hosted by Todd Nettleton who shares 
testimonies from brothers and sisters willing to suffer persecution rather than deny their faith in Christ.    
Today’s Issues: A 2 hour call-in program hosted by Tim Wildmon, Walker Wildmon and Ed Vitagliano is heard weekdays 
at 10:0 5 AM, and 11:30 am and then re-broadcast the following morning at 1:0 5 AM, and Saturdays at 1:30 AM. This 
program deals with a plethora of issues. 
Truth For a New Generation: A 30 minute program hosted by Alex McFarland & Dillon Burroughs. 
Truth For Life: A 30 minute program heard weekdays by Pastor Alistair Begg 
Turning Point: A 25 minute program offering insight into Christian living. This program is hosted by Dr. David Jeremiah. It 
airs at 5:28 A.M. and 7:05 P.M. weekdays. 
Understanding the Times: A 1 hour program heard Saturdays afternoons at 1:00 pm hosted by Jan Markell with Olive 
Tree Views. 
Unshackled:   A 30 minute program heard Saturday afternoon at 4:00 pm 
Victory in Grace: A 30 minute program heard Sunday morning at 8:30 am with Pastor Jim Scudder, Jr. 
Wallbuilders Live!: A 1 hour program heard weekdays- with host David Barton of Wallbuiders. 
Washington Watch: Heard weekdays at 4:00 PM, &Washington Watch weekend heard Saturday at 5:05 AM & 6:00 
PM this 28 minute program hosted by Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council is a commentary on how 
governmental decisions affect American families. 
Weekend Magazine: A program heard Saturday morning at 11:00 AM from Focus On the Family. 
Worship and The Word: A 30 minute program heard Sundays at 6:00 am with pastor Robert Morris. 
 ISSUE ONE 
Moral Issues: Abortion, pornography, drug abuse, euthanasia, homosexuality, etc. 
The preceding issues were determined through phone calls from listeners, letters from listeners, and a "verbal" sampling 
of community leaders, and monitoring of other media sources (i.e. television, newspapers, etc.) As well as issues that 
have come to the attention of the American Family Association. 
     
HAVEN TODAY 
July 6th 2020 ‐ Christians You Should Know ‐ More people visit Bible Gateway online than any other site devoted to sharing God’s 
Word. But did you know it all started as a college student’s project during the internet’s boom? Hear the story. 
 
July 20th 2020 ‐ A Royal Priesthood ‐ The past few months have seen politics become central for so many, but what about our 
allegiance to the Lord? Join Charles Morris and learn how King Jesus changes everything. 
 
August 10th 2020 ‐ Soul Care ‐ Did you know that Charles Spurgeon, one of history’s greatest preachers, suffered from depression? 
Find out how he dealt with it and how his experience can help people facing the same affliction today. 
   
August 31st 2020 ‐ Homeward Bound ‐ The book of Revelation isn't just about the future. Learn more about what this book meant 
to the Christians of the seven churches mentioned in the opening chapters when you listen to today's program. 
 
September 21st 2020 ‐ I Need Hope! What About You? ‐ They usually had a few thousand attend their worship concerts. But even 
though COVID‐19 prevented All Souls Church in London from holding their Prom Praise, they took it online to be seen by well over 
one hundred thousand people. 
 
FAMILY TALK 
Jul 27 ‐ Depression: Encouragement for the Journey 1 ‐ Guest: Rev. Tommy Nelson ‐ Millions of Americans suffer with some form of 
mental illness, and that number is steadily growing each year. Listen as Pastor Tommy Nelson opens up to Dr. James Dobson about 
his difficult journey battling depression. Pastor Nelson explores how his demanding schedule and growing stress levels led to 
emotional overload and burnout.  
 
Jul 28 ‐ Depression: Encouragement for the Journey 2 ‐ Guest: Rev. Tommy Nelson ‐ Are you overwhelmed by your career demands 
and endless list of tasks? Do you feel overworked and burned out? Listen as Pastor Tommy Nelson warns how anxiety and stress can 
devolve into full blown depression. Dr. James Dobson explains that this deep despair impacts a lot of ministers in particular, while 
Pastor Nelson reveals what he was thinking and feeling during those dark days.  
Aug 24 ‐ Mobilizing the Pro‐Life Generation ‐ Guest: Kristan Hawkins ‐ The fight to protect life in the womb has been bolstered 
recently by a growing number of young people joining the pro‐life movement. Dr. Tim Clinton welcomes Kristan Hawkins, president 
of Students for Life, to talk about her passion for motivating the next generation of Christians to speak out against the horrors of 
abortion. Kristan also shares her personal pro‐life story. 
Sept 21 ‐ Navigating Your Teen's Emotional Storms 1 ‐ Guest: Sharon Hersh ‐ During the adolescent years, a girl’s relationship with 
her mother can become strained. Dr. James Dobson sits down with licensed counselor and author, Sharon Hersh, to strategize how 
parents can navigate a daughter’s emotional storms, and encourage moms to give their girls space to express their feelings. 
Sept 22 ‐ Navigating Your Teen's Emotional Storms 2 ‐ Guest: Sharon Hersh ‐ Many teen girls struggle with body‐image issues 
because of society’s unattainable standards of beauty. Dr. James Dobson talks to licensed counselor, Sharon Hersh, about her 
insightful book, Mom, I Hate My Life, and they discuss the warning signs of common harmful behaviors.  
 
FOCUS ON THE FAMILY 
July 7: Healing the Hurts Behind Your Addiction ‐ It’s possible to find freedom from your hang‐ups—you just need to know where to 
look. Johnny Baker tells his powerful story of recovering from a secret ‐ alcohol addiction. He offers practical and proven steps to 
digging up the root of your negative ‐ issues so you can experience true healing.   
July 27‐28: Why I Left the Abortion Industry – I & II ‐ They began their jobs at Planned Parenthood with one goal in mind—to help 
women. But the more they became involved, the more their eyes were opened to truth. Three former abortion clinic employees give 
“behind the scenes” insight on what happens at these clinics, equipping you to approach pro‐life issues in a truthful, yet loving way.   
August 13: Be the Pro‐Life Church – I ‐ Emily Colson describes the heartaches and joys of raising her son Max, who has severe autism. 
Emily has struggled as a single mom, but she also discovered God’s beauty and design in Max. Don’t miss this powerful and profound 
pro‐life message. 
August 14: Be the Pro‐Life Church – II ‐ Does your church welcome special needs families? Emily Colson shares how her church 
learned to embrace her son’s autism, helping many others feel accepted and cherished by the body of Christ! Discover how to live 
out your pro‐life beliefs in practical. 
September 2‐3: Honoring the Preborn: Cerian’s Story ‐ I & II ‐ Expecting a baby normally brings joy and excitement, but when there’s 
an adverse diagnosis, fear and uncertainty take root. A brave mom shares her story of choosing to carry her baby despite doctors’ 
warnings. She’ll tell about a journey that taught her family about God’s love for the weak and vulnerable.   
September 7: Hope for Teen Moms ‐ When she graduated high school, she was in love with a boy—her baby boy. Tricia Goyer shares 
how she found God amid her teenage pregnancy. She tells the story of how God redeemed her situation, healed her heart, and 
answered her prayers above and beyond anything she had expected.   
 
REVIVE OUR HEARTS 
July 16 — Anxiety Defined ‐ Think back on the last three months: Have you felt anxious about anything? How about in the last week? 
Or the last hour? Anxiety is common to fallen humanity, but it doesn’t have to control us. Find out from Janet Mylin how to allow 
your anxious thoughts to drive you to God’s love and grace more and more.   
July 17 — Tips for Beating Anxiety ‐ What tools do you need in the battle against obsessive anxiety? Yes, the Bible is always good to 
have. But how about . . . paint brushes and paints and canvas? Janet Mylin gives practical tips for overcoming anxiety, and you’ll 
hear what painting has to do with that.   
  
ISSUE TWO 
Problems and needs of families, youth and children, etc. 
The preceding issues were determined through phone calls from listeners, letters from listeners, and a “verbal” sampling of 
community leaders, and monitoring of other media sources (i.e. television, newspapers, etc.) as well as issues that have come to the 
attention of the American Family Association . 
 
HAVEN TODAY 
  
July 6th 2020 ‐ Christians You Should Know ‐ More people visit Bible Gateway online than any other site devoted to sharing God’s 
Word. But did you know it all started as a college student’s project during the internet’s boom? Hear the story. 
  
July 13th 2020 ‐ Kids Need Grace Too ‐ When it comes down to it, kids and grown‐ups aren’t so different from each other. Children 
may not know as much about the world as adults do, but their emotional and spiritual needs are just as deep. 
  
August 31st 2020 ‐ Homeward Bound ‐ The book of Revelation isn't just about the future. Learn more about what this book meant 
to the Christians of the seven churches mentioned in the opening chapters when you listen to today's program. 
   
FAMILY TALK 
 
Jul 6 ‐ Issues Facing America’s Homeschoolers 1 ‐ Guests: Tim Lambert & Jeremy Newman ‐ With COVID‐19 expected to delay or 
cancel the upcoming school year, many parents are electing to educate their children in the home. On this edition, Dr. Dobson 
examines this growing homeschool surge, with Tim Lambert and Jeremy Newman from the Texas Homeschool Coalition. They reflect 
on this movement’s origins and discuss the vicious attacks that homeschool families still experience to this day. 
Jul 7 ‐ Issues Facing America's Homeschoolers 2 ‐ Guests: Tim Lambert & Jeremy Newman ‐ Since its inception in the early 1980s, 
homeschooling has been the target of immense scrutiny and ridicule from society. On this broadcast, Dr. Dobson concludes his 
pertinent interview with Tim Lambert and Jeremy Newman from the Texas Homeschool Coalition. They encourage first‐time 
homeschool parents, and stress the critical role moms and dads play in molding their children’s worldview.  
 
Aug 25 ‐ Thriving in Love and Money 1 ‐ Guest: Shaunti Feldhahn ‐ The topic Jesus addressed more than any other during His 
ministry on earth was money. Dr. James Dobson sits down with best‐selling author and social researcher, Shaunti Feldhahn, to 
discuss her newest book, Thriving in Love and Money. They examine why couples often clash over finances, and the different fears 
men and women have regarding money. 
Aug 26 ‐ Thriving in Love and Money 2 ‐ Guest: Shaunti Feldhahn ‐ When husbands and wives fight over money, there are often 
deeper issues roiling under the surface. Dr. James Dobson and his guest, best‐selling author and social researcher, Shaunti Feldhahn, 
share insights from her new book, Thriving in Love and Money. Shaunti explains why many couples struggle with basic budgeting, 
and how miscommunication plays a big role.   
Sept 11 ‐ The Battle Against Mental Illness and Addiction ‐ Guest: Rick Amato ‐ Scripture tells us that Heaven rejoices whenever a 
sinner repents. Dr. Tim Clinton listens to the powerful testimony of writer and evangelist, Rick Amato, who talks about his salvation 
experience that motivated him to preach the gospel of Jesus. He also shares the personal trials he has endured as a Christian. 
Sept 18 ‐ Finding Freedom from Toxic People ‐ Guest: Gary Thomas ‐ 1 Corinthians 15 warns that "Bad company ruins good morals." 
Dr. Tim Clinton sits down with author and pastor, Gary Thomas, to discuss his new book, When to Walk Away. Together, they 
identify common characteristics of toxic relationships, the motivations of people who choose to remain in them, and what can be 
done if you find yourself stuck in a harmful friendship. 
 
 
FOCUS ON THE FAMILY 
  
July 24: Dreaming with Your Child ‐ As a parent, you want your child to embrace big hopes and dreams for their life. Shelia Erwin, 
mother of the filmmaking duo ‐ the Erwin Brothers ‐ encourages you to help your child dream big by pursuing God, discovering and 
understanding their gifts and talents, and being purposeful in everything they do.   
July 29: Showing Unconditional Love to Your Children ‐ Raised by a single mother, Dr. John Trent didn’t receive a blessing from his 
father.    John and his daughter, Kari, will share about the importance of intentionally blessing your children with unconditional love. 
Kari also shares about how she ran back to her father’s loving arms after a prodigal experience.   
August 6‐7: Intelligence: Discovering Your Child’s Unique Gifts ‐ I & II ‐ Your child is smart…and perhaps in a way you’ve never 
considered! Dr. Kathy Koch introduces and explores eight facets of intelligence to help you identify and cultivate your child’s unique 
gifts. You’ll also hear ideas to develop their character. 
August 10: Helping Your Young Adult Thrive in College ‐ Your young adult is going to college in a very interesting world. How can they 
make the most of this critical season of life during a pandemic? Dr. Barry Corey, the president of Biola University, offers help for 
college students feeling anxious, directionless, and worried about the future.   
September 10: How God Saved Me from Suicide – II ‐ We’ll share the amazing story of Lacey Sturm — a former suicidal teen 
transformed into a “hard rock princess.” Today she’s a voice of God’s love, healing and power for people who have only known pain 
and dysfunction. Don’t miss her incredible testimony.   
September 17‐18: Cultivating Love in Blended Families – I & II ‐ Blended families face a number of challenges—primarily nurturing 
love between the newly merged family members! Dr. Gary Chapman and Ron Deal equip families by exploring how to incorporate 
the Five Love Languages in the mix. With compassion and insight, they offer creative ways to build loving relationships.   
September 21: Conveying God’s Love Through Discipline – I ‐ You can discipline your child in a God‐centered, grace‐based way! You’ll 
learn how to convey love to your child when he misbehaves, how to become a calmer parent, and how to see the positive attributes 
of bad behavior.   
September 22: Conveying God’s Love through Discipline – II ‐ Disciplining your child is hard work! We’ll give you practical ways to 
convey God’s love, even when your child misbehaves. You’ll learn the four essential messages kids need to hear from you, how to 
become a calmer parent, and how to make the most of teachable moments.   
 
REVIVE OUR HEARTS 
 
July 20 — Why Women Need Each Other ‐ When women mentor other women in practical areas like meal planning, something 
spiritually significant is taking place. Find out why. 
July 21 — Joy vs. Burnout ‐ There is a strong pull toward busyness – even busyness doing important work – that will rob your home 
of joy. Donna Otto describes the problem and offers solutions. 
July 22 — Wisdom in Marriage ‐ Do you ever feel like your spouse is your enemy? Donna Otto has. We’ll hear what she did with that 
feeling. 
August 24 — Jesus Cares for Women ‐ In Jesus’ day, just like in our day, there were societal problems like racism and sexism. Hear 
how a simple conversation Jesus had was radically counter‐cultural. Janet Parshall reminds us how pro‐woman God is. 
August 25 — Thirst and Satisfaction ‐ No matter what you’ve done in your life, there is hope for a fresh start. That’s something a 
thirsty woman discovered in Jesus’ day. And it’s something you and I need to remember, too. Hear a powerful message on the 
woman at the well. 
August 26 — How the Water Shows Us Our Need ‐ How does water show us the ways of God, or help strip us of self‐reliance? Nancy 
will take us through the book of Exodus to explain how water demonstrates God’s power and teaches us to trust in Him. 
September 7 — The Message ‐ Have you ever asked God, “Why? Why is this happening to me?” or “Why won’t you answer my 
prayer?” On Revive Our Hearts with Nancy DeMoss Wolgemuth, you’ll hear from the late Elisabeth Elliot. She says God’s answer to 
our “Why?” is “Trust me.”   
September 8 — Acceptance ‐ How can you experience peace in the midst of suffering? There is a key. Elisabeth Elliot explains. 
September 9 — Gratitude ‐ When you’re hurting, it can be helpful to remember something: You’re not the victim of a purposeless, 
chance occurrence. God has the bigger picture in mind for your life, and believing that can help you say, “Thank you!” That’s a lesson 
Elisabeth Elliot describes. 
 
ISSUE THREE 
EDUCATION: Public school problems/solutions, alternative education sources, and moral and religious struggles in public schools, 
etc. 
The preceding issues were determined through phone calls from listeners, letters from listeners, and a "verbal" sampling of 
community leaders, and monitoring of other media sources (i.e. television, newspapers, etc.) As well as issues that have come to the 
attention of the American Family Association. 
  
HAVEN TODAY 
  
July 6th 2020 ‐ Christians You Should Know ‐ More people visit Bible Gateway online than any other site devoted to sharing God’s 
Word. But did you know it all started as a college student’s project during the internet’s boom? Hear the story. 
 
August 10th 2020 ‐ Soul Care ‐ Did you know that Charles Spurgeon, one of history’s greatest preachers, suffered from depression? 
Find out how he dealt with it and how his experience can help people facing the same affliction today. 
 
September 14th 2020 ‐ Closed Borders, Open Hearts In Cuba ‐ Borders may be closed to Cuba but hearts are still open to Jesus. 
Hear from Dan Warne, speaker of Haven's El Faro de Redención, as he relates how Christ is on the move in Cuba. 
 
September 21st 2020 ‐ I Need Hope! What About You? ‐ They usually had a few thousand attend their worship concerts. But even 
though COVID‐19 prevented All Souls Church in London from holding their Prom Praise, they took it online to be seen by well over 
one hundred thousand people. 
 
FOCUS ON THE FAMILY 
  
July 9‐10: Combating the Lies That Can Destroy Your Marriage ‐ I & II ‐ When it comes to marriage, our culture regularly promotes 
relationship myths and fairy‐tale expectations. Dr. Greg Smalley and Bob Paul will unravel some of the “Love Lies” you may have 
bought into ‐ and supply you with truth that will strengthen your marriage. You’ll learn to look past these lies to embrace your 
spouse.   
July 13: How to Have an Honest Marriage ‐ No one has the “perfect” marriage, but it can seem like other couples have fewer issues 
than you and your spouse do. One couple offers complete honesty about their marriage issues relating to spiritual leadership, 
conflict, and power struggles. Their story will help you find growth, healing, and joy in your relationship. 
Aug 17: Praying with Honest Abandon ‐ Prayer – it’s an intimate conversation with our Heavenly Father…and no one modeled it 
better than Jesus on the night before His crucifixion. Elisa Morgan will explain the elements of that prayer and how we can 
incorporate them into our own prayer life.   
August 18: What Your Kids Need Most to Grow Up Well – I There’s no formula for perfect parenting but there are more effective 
ways to raise children! The power of adaptability in your parenting, modeling respect for your kids, and being more intentional 
about the growth and direction of your family. 
September 17‐18: Cultivating Love in Blended Families – I & II ‐ Blended families face a number of challenges—primarily nurturing 
love between the newly merged family members! Dr. Gary Chapman and Ron Deal equip families by exploring how to incorporate 
the Five Love Languages in the mix. With compassion and insight, they offer creative ways to build loving relationships.   
September 21: Conveying God’s Love Through Discipline – I ‐ You can discipline your child in a God‐centered, grace‐based way! You’ll 
learn how to convey love to your child when he misbehaves, how to become a calmer parent, and how to see the positive attributes 
of bad behavior.   
 
ISSUE FOUR 
Unemployment, poverty, and financial difficulties, etc. 
The preceding issues were determined through phone calls from listeners, letters from listeners, and a "verbal" sampling of 
community leaders, and monitoring of other media sources (i.e. television, newspapers, etc.) As well as issues that have come to the 
attention of the American Family Association. 
HAVEN TODAY 
 
July 20th 2020 ‐ A Royal Priesthood ‐ The past few months have seen politics become central for so many, but what about our 
allegiance to the Lord? Join Charles Morris and learn how King Jesus changes everything. 
 
August 24th 2020 ‐ Come Quickly, Lord ‐ The book of Revelation is full of thrills and chills. And it’s the only book that comes with a 
promised blessing for reading it. So why is it often unstudied? Find out the importance of reading this book when you listen to 
today's program. 
  
September 8th 2020 ‐ Seven Churches in Four Days ‐ Can you imagine what it would be like for God to publicly criticize and 
admonish your local church for all to see? That’s exactly what happened to seven churches in the first century. 
  
 
FOCUS ON THE FAMILY 
 August 18: What Your Kids Need Most to Grow Up Well – I ‐ There’s no formula for perfect parenting but there are more effective 
ways to raise children! The power of adaptability in your parenting, modeling respect for your kids, and being more intentional 
about the growth and direction of your family. 
August 19: What Your Kids Need Most to Grow Up Well – II ‐ We’ll explore more traits that can help you be a better parent! Children 
need to be assured of your steadfast love, have sufficient boundaries, and learn the power of grace, forgiveness and gratitude. Learn 
more about leading by example. 
September 15: Replacing Panic with God’s Peace ‐ Sometimes life can really make you feel anxious. Patsy Clairmont will explain why 
she was afraid to even leave her house; why her coping mechanisms failed her; and how God was able to free her from ALL her 
fears.   
September 23: Game‐Changing Money and Marriage Insights ‐ If you and your spouse have money issues, it might be more of a 
marriage problem than a financial problem! Jeff and Shaunti Feldhahn describe their own marital miscommunication, knee‐jerk 
reactions, and lack of financial unity.   
    
 
ISSUE FIVE 
Health concerns, etc. 
HAVEN TODAY 
  
July 27th 2020 ‐ The Gospel According to Joseph ‐ The story of Joseph is full of peril and promise. When faced with our own trials 
and sorrows, this story not only has the power to lift us up, but it also foreshadows an even greater story that’s all about Jesus. 
 
August 31st 2020 ‐ Homeward Bound ‐ The book of Revelation isn't just about the future. Learn more about what this book meant 
to the Christians of the seven churches mentioned in the opening chapters when you listen to today's program. 
August 24th 2020 ‐ Come Quickly, Lord ‐ The book of Revelation is full of thrills and chills. And it’s the only book that comes with a 
promised blessing for reading it. So why is it often unstudied? Find out the importance of reading this book when you listen to 
today's program. 
 
September 21st 2020 ‐ I Need Hope! What About You? ‐ They usually had a few thousand attend their worship concerts. But even 
though COVID‐19 prevented All Souls Church in London from holding their Prom Praise, they took it online to be seen by well over 
one hundred thousand people. 
 
September 14th 2020 ‐ Closed Borders, Open Hearts In Cuba ‐ Borders may be closed to Cuba but hearts are still open to Jesus. 
Hear from Dan Warne, speaker of Haven's El Faro de Redención, as he relates how Christ is on the move in Cuba. 
   
FAMILY TALK 
Jul 8 ‐ Positive Parenting 1 ‐ Proverbs 22:6 implores moms and dads to train up their children wisely by using godly teaching that 
they will never forget. In this classic broadcast, Dr. Dobson and the late Zig Ziglar unpack what it means to be a positive parent. They 
began by explaining why leading your kids to Jesus is the greatest priority, then addressed the proper attitude toward discipline and 
family structure. 
Jul 9 ‐ Positive Parenting 2 ‐ Guest: Zig Ziglar ‐ Parenting in the 21st century is extremely difficult because of the rampant immorality 
that threatens the hearts and minds of our kids. Listen to this timeless broadcast to hear why raising God‐fearing children is still 
possible despite this wayward society. Dr. Dobson and the late Zig Ziglar focused on the perversion of sex by culture, and then 
described a healthy and biblical view of intimacy and love. Hear what you can do to be a positive parent. 
 
Aug 24 ‐ Mobilizing the Pro‐Life Generation ‐ Guest: Kristan Hawkins ‐ The fight to protect life in the womb has been bolstered 
recently by a growing number of young people joining the pro‐life movement. Dr. Tim Clinton welcomes Kristan Hawkins, president 
of Students for Life, to talk about her passion for motivating the next generation of Christians to speak out against the horrors of 
abortion. Kristan also shares her personal pro‐life story. 
Sept 11   ‐ The Battle Against Mental Illness and Addiction ‐ Guest: Rick Amato ‐ Scripture tells us that Heaven rejoices whenever a 
sinner repents. Dr. Tim Clinton listens to the powerful testimony of writer and evangelist, Rick Amato, who talks about his salvation 
experience that motivated him to preach the gospel of Jesus.     
 
Sept 18 ‐ Finding Freedom from Toxic People ‐ Guest: Gary Thomas ‐ 1 Corinthians 15 warns that "Bad company ruins good morals." 
Dr. Tim Clinton sits down with author and pastor, Gary Thomas, to discuss his new book, When to Walk Away. Together, they 
identify common characteristics of toxic relationships, the motivations of people who choose to remain in them, and what can be 
done if you find yourself stuck in a harmful friendship. 
 
 
 
FOCUS ON THE FAMILY 
  
July 7: Healing the Hurts Behind Your Addiction ‐ It’s possible to find freedom from your hang‐ups—you just need to know where to 
look. Johnny Baker tells his powerful story of recovering from a secret alcohol addiction. He offers practical and proven steps to 
digging up the root of your negative issues so you can experience true healing.   
July 20: Healthy Living for Age 50 and Beyond – I ‐ Just because you’re getting older doesn’t mean your health is ready to fail! Dr. 
Walt Larimore describes the important balance of your physical, mental, relational and spiritual health—and how a few simple 
habits can provide well‐being for a lifetime!   
July 21: Healthy Living for Age 50 and Beyond – II ‐ Once you hit the midlife years, don’t neglect the balance of your physical, mental, 
relational and spiritual health! Dr. Walt Larimore shares tips about reducing stress and depression, the importance of relationships, 
and how thankfulness can transform your well‐being.   
September 2‐3: Honoring the Preborn: Cerian’s Story ‐ I & II ‐ Expecting a baby normally brings joy and excitement, but when there’s 
an adverse diagnosis, fear and uncertainty take root. A brave mom shares her story of choosing to carry her baby despite doctors’ 
warnings. She’ll tell about a journey that taught her family about God’s love for the weak and vulnerable.   
 
ISSUE SIX 
 Community involvement. The preceding issues were determined through phone calls from listeners, letters from listeners, and a 
"verbal" sampling of community leaders, and monitoring of other media sources (i.e. television, newspapers, etc.) As well as issues 
that have come to the attention of the American Family Association. Throughout this period, WAFR ran announcements for local 
churches, community groups and organizations to promote their events. These Community Clipboard announcements are in the 
public file. 
 
ISSUE SEVEN 
  Government Involvement: Getting citizens involved in the system for a change. Etc. 
The preceding issues were determined through phone calls from listeners, letters from listeners, and a "verbal" sampling of 
community leaders, and monitoring of other media sources (i.e. television, newspapers, etc.) As well as issues that have come to the 
attention of the American Family Association. 
   
FOCUS ON THE FAMILY 
 
July 3: Learning to Love America Again ‐ Eric Metaxas explains why American liberty must be cherished and protected for 
generations to come. Our nation isn’t perfect, but we have many reasons to celebrate what God has done since our first 
Independence Day!   
July 6: Praying for Your Sons ‐ You can raise men of integrity, character and respect—and it all begins on your knees in prayer. You’ll 
learn practical, easy ways to pray for your sons while allowing God to change you in the process.   
 
August 13: Be the Pro‐Life Church – I ‐ Emily Colson describes the heartaches and joys of raising her son Max, who has severe autism. 
Emily has struggled as a single mom, but she also discovered God’s beauty and design in Max. Don’t miss this powerful and profound 
pro‐life message. 
August 14: Be the Pro‐Life Church – II ‐ Does your church welcome special needs families? Emily Colson shares how her church 
learned to embrace her son’s autism, helping many others feel accepted and cherished by the body of Christ! Discover how to live 
out your pro‐life beliefs in practical ways. 
September 16: Abortion Pill Reversal ‐ Medical abortions are promoted as “safe and easy,” but few women understand the 
long‐term consequences of terminating a child. We’ll examine how the abortion pill works and how prolife doctors may be able to 
reverse the process. An inspiring program about saving preborn babies. 
 
HAVEN TODAY 
 
July 20th 2020 ‐ A Royal Priesthood ‐ The past few months have seen politics become central for so many, but what about our 
allegiance to the Lord? Join Charles Morris and learn how King Jesus changes everything. 
 
July 13th 2020 ‐ Kids Need Grace Too ‐ When it comes down to it, kids and grown‐ups aren’t so different from each other. Children 
may not know as much about the world as adults do, but their emotional and spiritual needs are just as deep. 
 
July 6th 2020 ‐ Christians You Should Know ‐ More people visit Bible Gateway online than any other site devoted to sharing God’s 
Word. But did you know it all started as a college student’s project during the internet’s boom? Hear the story. 
 
August 24th 2020 ‐ Come Quickly, Lord ‐ The book of Revelation is full of thrills and chills. And it’s the only book that comes with a 
promised blessing for reading it. So why is it often unstudied? Find out the importance of reading this book when you listen to 
today's program. 
 
August 10th 2020 ‐ Soul Care ‐ Did you know that Charles Spurgeon, one of history’s greatest preachers, suffered from depression? 
Find out how he dealt with it and how his experience can help people facing the same affliction today. 
 
August 3rd 2020 ‐ The Life to Come ‐ He sold over 4.5 million records with 37 No. 1 hit songs. But before all of this happened, he was 
a young man in love with a woman who had cancer. 
 
September 14th 2020 ‐ Closed Borders, Open Hearts In Cuba ‐ Borders may be closed to Cuba but hearts are still open to Jesus. 
Hear from Dan Warne, speaker of Haven's El Faro de Redención, as he relates how Christ is on the move in Cuba. 
 
September 8th 2020 ‐ Seven Churches in Four Days ‐ Can you imagine what it would be like for God to publicly criticize and 
admonish your local church for all to see? That’s exactly what happened to seven churches in the first century. 
 
   
PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Throughout this period, American Family Radio ran the following 30 and 60 second Public Service Announcements (PSA’s). 
AMERICAN FAMILY ASSOCIATION (Journal): Telling listeners how they can subscribe to the American Family Association Journal. :60 
AMERICAN FAMILY ASSOCIATION (Stewardship): Giving listeners tips on how to be good stewards and helping them evaluate the 
many gift planning options available today. :60 
ANSWERS IN GENESIS: (evangelism): Thoughtful messages meant to encourage and uplift. :60 
BOYCOTT TARGET: An American Family Association campaign boycotting Target stores and how listeners can get involved. :30 
BREAKPOINT: Commentaries, audio broadcasts, videos, and resources by Chuck Colson and other writers, providing a Christian 
perspective on modern news and trends :30 
CALL TO WORSHIP:   “Call To Worship” is a one‐hour radio program that includes beautiful music as a vehicle of worship and 
includes scripture reading and short devotional topics :30 
CHOOSE GREATNESS MINUTES: Be the next to learn the principles of greatness that can change your life and impact your family and 
community for Christ. :60 
CHRISTIAN WORLDVIEW:   Information for listeners on living out a Christian Worldview. :30 
DAN CELIA STEWARDSHIP MOMENTS:   Biblical advice concerning giving and investing money :60 
EXPLORING MISSIONS:   AFR program heard weekends with stories of what is taking place with missionaries on the mission field. :30 
EXPLORING THE WORD:   AFR program heard weekdays hosted by Bert Harper and Alex McFarland who challenge listeners to dig 
deeper into God’s word.  :30 
FAMILY TALK:   Promo for the program hosted by Dennis Rainey heard weekdays on AFR. :30 
FINANCIAL ISSUES: AFR program hosted by Dan Celia heard weekdays and weekends with listener call‐in to discuss financial 
concerns from a biblical perspective. :30 
FRIENDS OF ISRAEL: Issues concerning Israel that are of importance to listeners from a biblical perspective. :30 
FROM HIS HEART: Uplifting moments to encourage listeners. :30 
FOCAL POINT: AFR program heard weekdays and weekends hosted by Bryan Fischer concerning issues of the day politically from a 
biblical perspective. :30 
FOCUS ON THE FAMILY:   A weekday program hosted by Jim Daly focusing on issues concerning the family to uplift and 
encourage. :30 
IN PERSPECTIVE: Letting listeners know about the opportunities to help around the globe.  :60 
IN THE TRENCHES:   AFR program heard weekends hosted by Jeremy Wiggins concerning political topics of the day and how 
Christians can be involved. :30 
JAN MARKEL:   Host of Olive Tree Ministries, heard weekends on AFR   featuring issues concerning Israel.    :30 
LIFE ISSUES: Inspirational stories that are encouraging and uplifting:60 
LIVING LIFE WITH LAUREN: Encouraging words for the listener on healthy living; family and faith heard weekends on AFR. :30 
OUTSIDE THE WALLS: Information for the listener on how to share their faith :60 
POCKET TESTAMENT: Informing listeners how they can get involved about sharing our faith:60 
PARENTING TODAYS TEEN:   hosted by Mark Gregston; Informing listeners how youth can get involved in their community and how 
parents can find help for a struggling teen. :30 
REAL ANSWERS:   Hosted by Steve Russo words to encourage and uplift.  :60 
TRUTH FOR LIFE: Offering inspiration to Christians encouraging them to grow spiritually :30            
TIPPS: Tips on daily Christian living:60 
THINK SPOTS: Daily Biblical insights for Christians :60 
TEEN CHALLENGE: Informing listeners how youth can get involved in their community to make a difference :60 
TIDE: Daily Biblical insights for Christians :60 
TRUTH BE BOLD: Offering inspiration to Christians encouraging them to grow spiritually :60 
UPWARDS: Uplifting words of scriptural hope for the Family:60 
WORTHY WALK: Uplifting words of scriptural hope for the Family:30 
WRETCHED RADIO: to bring the Gospel to as many people as possible:30  
 
